Posted: August 14, 2017	37	815	None	67	224.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 14, 2017
												The developer is responsible for the massive amounts of cheating and racism that occurs on this game.The loot crate system has a corrupted market. Players aren't cheating to hurt people, it's because of money. Banning won't fix this as they use the earned money to easily gain entrance; this is a job for people, they're not going to stop cheating because it replaces their jobs with something fun.THE DEVELOPER KNEW THAT GIVING UP THE LOOT CRATES WAS THE ANSWERI'm not buying anything made by Brendan Greene 
Posted: August 14, 2017	3188	4282	None	67	168.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												This game is like dating an alcoholic. They're a lot of fun to be around, and you legitimately like them. But they have serious problems that ruin the whole relationship. You keep thinking they'll change, but they never will. Instead they'll just try to sell you an Event Pass to see parts of their body.			
Posted: August 14, 2017	8	295	None	67	105.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												This game was killed by greedy and incompetent developers. They have made A LOT of money out of us, but they still refused to fix their game, they kept releasing broken updates while turning a blind eye on actual problems such as rampant cheating. They said there would be no micro transactions before the game left EA; they lied. They said the game left early access; they lied, it's still not as optimized as a game this big should be. They are sueing Epic Games because they are seeing a dip into their profits and they are too self absorbed to realize their own incompetence is turning players away, not a better competitor.This company is interested in creating more paid content, they don't care about fixing what they already have now, they don't care about you.			
Posted: August 14, 2017	2223	11547	None	67	207.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG is the type of game where it starts off with not caring too much if you die in the first few minutes (approx 90 players alive), after a little while and some reasonable loot and gear has been found, you would prefer not to die at this point but still not too fussed if you die (approx 60-70 players alive). After the 3rd/4th blue circle,You start to believe that you can achieve the impossible...you could possibly win...you'll taste the sweet fruits of victory...(10 players remaining)...you've made it to top 10....but you still want more....no more mistakes or joking around now...you're close....(last 2 players)...you believe in this...you can win! But alas...you make an idiotic mistake. You end as #2.....that moment will haunt you forever...This is what will happen every game, you'll feel rage, anger and above all serenity when you die because you know that the game is over....until you start the next one. Welcome to the battleground.			
Posted: August 14, 2017	21	437	None	67	82.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												BattleEye hack prevention is an absolute joke.			
Posted: August 14, 2017	6	121	None	67	735.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												This game was soo fun at the start getting our first Chicken Dinner was amazing until patch 1.0 came out though almost every round we play we loot find good stuff fast and kill a few at the start.Then late game die to a hacker who will shoot through two buildings with a SKS with a 8x scope full autoing headshot it's a load of garbage don't buy this game anymore until they fix the major hacking problem they have within it.			
Posted: August 14, 2017	53	366	None	67	582.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: August 14, 2017	1315	6918	None	67	1,678.8	Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
												Bought this game in the morning..Started a match and died instantly, i told myself I'd play one more, after 10 hours I realised that the sun went down xD recommend this game.			
Posted: August 14, 2017	2	52	None	67	300.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 6
												I love this game and overall have really enjoyed it but 5 out of my last 15 games i have been killed by hackers and it is slowly ruining my taste for the game. I thought they had an anti cheat system and they "improveed the hacking in 1.0 but at this point it is hard to find a game where i dont die to someone with an asain username the sits 200 meters away with a m4 and doesnt aim in and instant headshots me. Its crazy they dont even hide it because there is nothing to stop them. FIX THE GAME PLEASE!			
Posted: August 14, 2017	7	245	None	67	596.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												Skip it till they lock the chinese hackers to their own server, or maybe start banning them.  Game is currently ... INFESTED with worthless no talent cheaters.			
Posted: January 2	188	3090	None	168	60.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
												the chinese have 3 servers to choose from but they decide to go to OC and NA servers, mind doing something about that?Edit:OC is the worst, its the closest to their country so thats their first option, i have only found one group of australians in a test of 30 squad battles. This is absolutely ridiculous. But I guess the devs are more interested in making money off crates than actually listening to the thousands of outraged fansEdit 2:Not to mention the fact that the game runs horribly for a simple shooter game that had months of alpha and beta testing. You would think by 1.0 (the FULL RELEASE) that they wouldve at least fixed the optimization problem, let alone the Chinese issue. Until these major issues are fixed i will not be playing the game, and maybe getting people to stop playing the game will hopefully make the devs realise that people dont like the current state of the game, and that their game is at risk of losing a lot of players. Because right now they only care for money and more players, they have no idea how to appeal to their players wishes and make an actual enjoyable game, not just a money making machine.			
Posted: January 2	340	2444	None	168	279.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
												Hackers are destroyong this game's credibility.  Also...▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 2	565	4150	None	168	173.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Money-making machine. More skins, more lootboxes, less bugfixes and optimization. Screw you guys, i'm going home.			
Posted: January 2	201	4397	None	168	286.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
												PUBG is what you get when amateur developers have a good idea for what could be a great game, with a small budget to start with. Now that they've made many millions (close to a billion on PC sales alone) all they see is money. They no longer care about player experience. Why spend money to make the game better when most of the people that would buy the game have already bought it? Mistakes / poor decisions: - First mistake was the game engine that they built the game on. It wasn't designed for 100 players, so they had to reduce the server tickrate to ridiculously low rates. There are better engines that can handle 100 players, but I guess they went with the cheaper solution.- Client side hit detection. This is why you can still get shot after you get into cover. Players with high ping have a big advantage over players with low ping.- No region lock or ping lock. They talked about implementing this months ago, but now you're racist or "xenophobic" toward Chinese people if you want this feature. Setting a max ping or locking players to their region would reduce the poor experience of having client side hit detection.- Lootboxes. Everything about them. Some items like the school girl outfit sell for over $1k on the marketplace. Huge incentive for cheaters, since you get points for kills and wins to buy these loot boxes with. They also just came out with locked lootboxes, so you play to get your points to get the rewards, and then you have to pay $3 to open the box or sell the box for around 25 cents (current price on the marketplace).- Not really banning cheaters. Most cheaters sell all the items they get from their lootboxes, Bluehole gets a cut of every sale. Then they ban the cheater but allow them to just buy the game again to keep playing/cheating/selling, and the cycle continues. Bluehole makes money every step of the way, so why would they change this? They make way more money from a cheater than they do from a regular player.- STEREO sound... what year is this??- Some "minor" issues with game design that could be easily fixed, like making bullets come from your gun instead of your chest, slowing the circles down a bit, etc. But compared to the above points, these are pretty minor. What would make this game better? - Engine that can handle 100 players with a decent tickrate.- Server side hit detection (only works well with a good server tickrate).- Actually ban cheaters (IP, MAC address, etc.). I know there are ways around it, but it's not as easy as just buying another copy of the game.- Sell rare items, like the schoolgirl uniform for example. Lots of people like being able to sell/trade things on the marketplace, so keep that if you must, but if Bluehole sold items themselves (even just the rare items), it would control the prices and make cheating less lucrative. If they sold the schoolgirl outfit for like $50, they would make millions. Win-win for everyone.If they had their own store for selling cosmetic items, they would have a steady income stream from people that own the game, and they wouldn't care as much about the steady income from banning cheaters and having them buy the game again. It would also give them incentive to improve the game to keep people playing and buying stuff.- Bluehole can take these Desperado crates and shove them up their♥♥♥♥♥ I will never buy a key to open one, and I won't sell them on the marketplace so that they can make more money. Using points I earned to get a crate that I have to pay to open is not a reward, greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Region / Ping lock. There are servers in every major region, why do people need to play on a server that's on the other side of the world? If the game had server side hit detection, having a higher ping would be a disadvantage so it wouldn't be as big of an issue. - Surround sound. Good positional audio is important in any FPS.If they made these changes, I would recommend this game... but we're more likely to see a better studio make a better game before any of this happens. Why is it so popular then? It's exciting, really gets the adrenaline pumping. You start with nothing and there's no respawn, so everything you do matters, and every decision you make can win or lose the round for you - where to drop, what to loot, how long to spend looting, where to go, when to go there, when to fight, when to flee, etc. Randomness of loot and circles makes those decisions and each round a little different. Option to go solo, duo, or squads, each mode changing the way you play the game.All of this makes for a fun and addicting game.. until you die to a cheater, or someone with high ping killing you after you get into cover (or they came around the corner and saw you before you could see them), or not being able to hit the guy outside your building because your bullets are coming out of your chest and hitting the window-sill, etc.The most frustrating thing about all that, is that Bluehole is not doing enough to fix it. The only punishment for cheaters is having to buy another copy of the game, how greedy can you get? They don't want to region/ping lock because they don't want to offend the Chinese, and they make a lot of money from them, especially since a large majority of the cheaters are from China. That's not racism, that's fact.There are several Chinese players in every round on NA servers, many of them are cheaters, some of them are just there to get away from the asian servers that are full of cheaters, but they still have an advantage due to their high ping. 0.05% of them are there to play with their friends in NA, and that's the main reason Bluehole said they don't want to region/ping lock. In squads and duo's where communication is very important, it really sucks to get teamed up with someone that can only speak enough english to say "China numba wun".Greed and incompetence ruined what could have been an awesome game. This just seems to be a very short-sighted money grab, when it could easily be a long term revenue stream. Edited to add:  To those that say "engine can handle 100 players look at fortnite", the tickrate (server update frequency) is still far lower than optimal in both games. Games like BF1, CS:GO, COD, etc, run server tickrates of 60Hz or higher. H1Z1 on the Forgelight engine (made for a larger number of players) runs a server tickrate of 76Hz. Tickrate isn't everything, but it's a big part of the network delay between two players, and low tickrates can cause other issues.PUBG is actually up to 30Hz now, but not until over half the people are dead. Fortnite maxes out at 20Hz when there are less than 50 players. Both games start at around 8-10Hz with everyone alive, and that increases as players die, which shows the engine can't properly handle 100 players in either game. Fortnite has better devs, same company that made the game also built the engine, so yes they are better at making it work. That doesn't change the fact that the tickrate is reduced until there are 50 players or less left alive. If it could "easily handle 100 players" the tickrate would run at the set 20Hz with 100 people alive.Recent tests: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiYX9ik0iec Netcode 101: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiHP0N-jMx8 
Posted: January 2	290	6439	None	168	400.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 29
												I've encountered this game just like 99,9% of it's player-base did, by watching Twitch streams and youtube videos.Being something relatively new in the multiplayer scene (THAT ACTUALLY HAD A MASSIVE PLAYER-BASE), I managed to talk few of my friends into playing it.I'm not going to lie, we've spent hundreds of hours on it.That was until the official release of 1.0Keep in mind that we're talking about previously most played game in the world at some point, a game which brought it's developers millions (if not 10 digit numbers), and as any sane person, you'd expect that it will be poured into further development and fixes, right?LOL wrong. We're talking about Bluehole here.You really have to be next level special in order to stumble upon a gold mine, and then proceed to blow it up and cave it in. They had everything, massive FREE ADVERTISEMENT (NOTE: FREE > NOT REQUIRED TO PAY FOR) in a form of Twitch streamers and YouTube content creators, insane ACTIVE player-base, a product that's close to being 1.0 ready... Everything.They got money, they got everything. And what do they do?: In game purchases.It's disgusting seeing that someone who had all the foundation required to make a masterpiece ignore all that and just attempts to drain more money from players.They rushed the 1.0 to be able to implement in-game purchases, and instead of actually WORKING on it, what do they do? More platforms.Not only that none of the platforms performed remotely well, they completely ignored that fact and started working on more crates and more in-game purchases.Since I could go about this all day long, and considering I'm actually rating a game here and not it's thirsty developer, I'll focus on it now:Pros:- Fast queue times due to high player-base,- SOLID graphics.- Good ballistics (Sniper and AR bullet drop)Cons:- Fully released game some of the problems that should have been fixed before the release.EDIT:- PLENTY OF CHEATERS. Even though the developers started to take action against hackers now that the game has headed to ruin, there are still PLENTY of non-conventional cheaters such as VPN abusers (lifting ping on purpose to abuse the poor netcode and hit detection) and Macro users (Auto-aim/Recoil control). Even though the numbers have dropped, this is still heavily affecting the game and user experience.- Countless game breaking bugs (getting killed by nothing when vaulting, getting stuck in thin air while landing resulting in getting killed, reloading sometimes doesn't reload your weapon at all resulting in getting killed...)- HORRIBLE performance issues (High end PC users can be happy if they hit constant 60fps on medium-high settings at all times)- Hilarous netcode. So many instances when you get killed by someone who didn't even have a line of sight, constant stuttering, 60%+ fail rate of reconnecting to the game in case of a disconnect.- Horrible bullet detection system (this one mostly affects Shotguns)- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design. This one is a great issue mostly focused on the Miramar map. They forced a new map which is massive in terms of size, but ironically has least content, least quality looting area, a MASSIVE LACK of vehicles considering the proportions of the map (mostly resulting in you playing a running simulator for about 20 minutes and ending up getting killed by someone who had luck with the initial safe zone). Even though the original map is better, they still need to prevent bridge camping which makes the game impossible if you had bad luck with initial looting and safe zone.- EDIT: Since one of the recent patches, my character no longer stutters while running, proving my point this was indeed caused by the game, and not by my PC or internet connection.- I will stop with Cons for now since there's only so much time I can waste on this review. But yes, there are way more.################Bottom line, if you haven't already bought this game: DO NOT. Save your money. There are better alternatives if you're just taking up a new game, and they're even free to play. They don't have some of the mechanics PUBG has, and that's a shame, but at least they're optimized. Keep in mind that this game requires over the average PC to even be able to start the game, let alone play it properly.This is not a dead game yet, there's still time to fix it.			
Posted: January 2	15	605	None	168	181.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												Region lock. Not racist. I just dont want to play against people who I cant communicate with and who have no intrest in playing the game fairly.			
Posted: January 2	2	103	None	168	267.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												Pubg is one of the best shooters ive played so far this year and with the hours Ive put in I can not recommend this game in the current state. Ive had 18 Chicken Dinners but something needs to be done with the Chinese/Korean players. Ive encountered many hackers ever since the game came out of early access.Clean out the hackers and make people play in their own regions and youll have a hit. Let the hackers play with the hackers.			
Posted: January 2	260	1706	None	168	181.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												HIGH PING CHEATERS ▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 2	56	1093	None	168	66.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												#Regionlockchina			
Posted: January 2	1	58	None	168	227.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												This game used to be good, but now it is just a game for cheaters.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	160	5248	None	493	105.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												Region lock please			
Posted: December 29, 2017	7	140	None	493	264.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Cheaters everywhere. Buy it when you want to get killed by someone aiming at the ground while you are 500m away in a House. And the worst thing about it is that a lot of the people use an ESP Hack or Wallhack. Also the damn No Recoil crap.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	235	1420	None	493	370.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 3
												In my nearly 300 hours (at the time of writing this) I have experienced:- People who can shoot me around corners due to ping- People who form a team of 8 in solos and proceed to gang bang anyone else- People who can instantly lock on to me and shoot the wall im behind with no recoil- People who can shoot through the wall im behind- People who can shoot directly at the ground 4 km away from where I am and kill me- People who can fire a Shotgun like an Assault rifle despite not having a AR equiped - People who can turn cars invisible so when im driving my motorbike across the military bridge I slam into a invisible car, blow up, and then the car materialisesAnd if you say none of these people listed above were chinese. I'm sorry.But you are deluded Region Lock China			
Posted: December 29, 2017	126	1398	None	493	175.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19
												Region lock china			
Posted: December 29, 2017	33	853	None	493	597.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
												Needs Region Lock + Vpn ban			
Posted: December 29, 2017	1137	2340	None	493	502.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												More like ChinesePlayer's HackingGrounds			
Posted: December 29, 2017	84	699	None	493	1,299.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16
												i really like pubg, but the devs, are just........... idiots.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	142	3606	None	493	433.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
												It starts off incredibly fun at first, and will give you an insane rush in your first few matches. Winning your first match is a feeling that few things can compare too. But I'm going to tell you now, once the honeymoon phase wears off, this game QUICKLY stops being fun and you'll begin to notice just how awful the quality of it is.- The netcode in this game is absolutely atrocious, and is hugely abusable for players with a high ping. The extremely low tickrate and insane desync that results from it means that you're constantly dying around corners a full second after taking cover - or worse, dumping half a magazine of full-auto assault rifle into someone as soon as they come around a corner, only to get onetapped by them mid-spray because they'd already come around the corner and shot you dead on their end two seconds ago, before you even saw them start moving on your end. No ping cap or region lock means players can queue for matches on servers halfway across the world and instantly get an insane amount of peeker's advantage.- There's a huge cheater population in the game that has been there ever since PUBG started getting popular. Aimbot, wallhacks, recoil scripts, teaming in solo matches, the list goes on. Battleeye does next to nothing to stop this.- There are still bugs galore that need to be fixed, some of which have been in the game since alpha. Randomly dying from fall damage just because you brushed up against the wrong wall/object, vehicles glitching into walls or flying into the stratosphere from the slightest collision (admittedly hilarious but still in need of fixing), hit registration being complete garbage - there's just too many to list here. But in their infinite wisdom, Bluehole decided to let all this go through to the 1.0 release instead of actually making the game a release-ready product, likely for Christmas sales.TL;DR: Don't get this game until it's actually in a release-ready state, if it ever gets there.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	337	1624	None	493	294.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4
UPDATE 3: Remember "FIX PUBG"? Yeah, me neither. Bluehole promised to FIX PUBG, and they had shown us a roadmap of all the fixes and changes they would make before the end of October. Surprise surpise... we are nearing the end of October and they haven't done much at all. The community is losing hope and the devs keep on apologizing for the terrible servers and in-game bugs.Shame..------UPDATE 2: The "FIX PUBG" UpdateBluehole have just released the 12.7GB "FIX PUBG" update, with quite a lot of performance improvements and gameplay changes. They are actually doing things! The review shall stay the same, atleast for now. If they continue with the improvements and make the game stable, maybe things will change."FIX PUBG" is appearantly a campaing they're having, aimed at... fixing the game.You can find the roadmap here[fix.pubg.com]------UPDATE:There have been a few updated recently which patched things up a bit, but only a bit. Server performance is still the same and all that.------ORIGINAL REVIEWOptimizing the game? Nah.... Fixing networking issues? Nah.... Fixing bugs? Nah..... Better servers? Hell no...Adding greedy microtransactions that provide no real value? Yes!Wrongly suing the competition? Hell yes!Porting the game to console in a hillariously broken state for more money? ♥♥♥♥ yeah!----------But that doesn't mean the game has zero good about. I'll just lay most of the stuff down here in a pro and con style:+ Engaging battle royale mode+ Incredibly fun with friends+ 3 large scale maps+ A variety of guns and customization+ Semi-weekly updates, though most of them aren't really anything significant- Wonky movement, especially jumping (vaulting is a great addition however)- Optimization issues, even on some high-spec setups- Server issues, desync and rubberbanding- Lootboxes (most can only be opened by buying a key)- Inferior Event Pass design to other games- Ignorant Map Playlist design- High amounts of cheater reports. I admit that i myself have never faced an actual cheater, but others aren't fortunate as me.- The devs simply not having a clue of what they're doing. (Suing the competition, ... adding new content instead of fixing the current game, porting the game to console in a broken state for that sweet microsoft money, ...)---------Conclusion: The game has massive red flags, but when it works, it works really well. Hell, even I still play it, but I wouldn't necesseraly "recommend" it to anyone new to the game, not right now.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	37	1072	None	493	793.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												Hacker Central. PUBG is a great game (my personal GOTY 2017) but Bluehole doesn't seem to care about the hacker epidemic that is currently ravaging their golden goose.https://streamable.com/j39mxA hacker squad like the one I recorded above per game, at least. Unplayable until fixed, which is quite sad, considering my love for the game.			
Posted: October 3	101	1029	None	50	1,217.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												1241 hours in this game.... I first want to say to the Dev's Thank you so much for bringing Battle Royal to us gamers. Millions of us had never heard of it or dreamed of it. Thank you for that. But... And i do mean BUT!!!!  It's been years now and the desync is getting worse. I die so much without seeing my killer only to see him run around the corner to look my body that is 5 feet away. I'm truely sad that after all this time nothing has changed. New maps yay, New weapons yay, New I don't care!!!!!! I am finally uninstalling this game and i hope to never return, I'm sure i will because i hate fortnite and i hate Call of duty. But i will uninstall again. Because i have lost faith that you will ever find out how to get Desync to a reasonable level. This is maybe the saddest review i've ever writen. normally i'm just mad but right now i'm just disappointed in knowing that Pubg will never be what we all hoped. A great BR game that fixed it's issues. Instead just another broken game that spent to much time trying to push loot boxes down customers throats.			
Posted: October 3	206	851	None	50	568.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 16
												Update:A NEW CHEST APPEARED. BUY A KEY AND UNLOCK IT.Wow.Theres a new Update. FPS Hotfix? Nope. Stuck in a 1 cm height hill Fix? Nope. A NEW CHEST APPEARED. 
Posted: October 3	0	123	None	50	485.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 6
												Cheater / Hackers run this game now. Until that changes, thumbs down - don't bother.			
Posted: October 3	229	3694	None	50	2,335.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 6
												I have played 1800+ hours on this game (not including the hours on test servers and CES), but now I am done with it. More and more hackers and cheaters, worse and worse optimization, frequent game crashes and connectivitiy issues, these are things BlueHole should be dealing with instead of pursuing lawsuits against other companies.I felt a little disgusted when the new crates require the steam purchase of keys. However I still thought it was a good way to support their DEV team so that they could solve the gaming problems at that time. Now the problems are still there and are even worse, and it certainly shows the motive of the company is not to improve the gameplay experience but to milk every penny as fast as possible.We used to have a lot of fun in this game, and I am really appreciated that I made serveral good friends on PUBG. But now it is time for me to sell all my ingame staff and uninstall the game.If you are new to this game, I am not recommending it.			
Posted: October 3	43	752	None	50	931.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 11
												If you re in Australia, or NZ, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.The server have been completely broken for months now, so unless you enjoy 300 ping, don't bother. The developers, amongst 1000's of complaints stretching months, have yet to officially comment on the situation once.Disgraceful company, broken game, should be pulled from the Australian and NZ Steam market. This is an unplayable product still being sold. I feel sorry for anyone who has bought the game recently only to realise they can't a ctually play.EDIT: 5th October 2018, update was pushed many months later which seems to have mostly fixed the server issues, but not entirely.The game is playable again, I would still rate the experience negatively overall, but it's at least a working game again.			
Posted: October 3	292	1097	None	50	470.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28
												message to bluehole:take the loot crate keys and shove them up your♥♥♥♥			
Posted: October 3	347	4022	None	50	839.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 15
												You can see by my playtime that I'm not just some purchase-regretting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that didn't realize until 2 hours in just what kind of game they purchased. I've been playing for well over a year, only not as frequently lately, and it is because of my last few months of experience with this game that I can no longer recommend it to people.This game started off great. There was so much promise in its concept and execution. You could almost feel what the game should eventually be even waaaay back in its early state, back when it was so broken that a stun grenade in a busy portion of the map like School would spell disaster for several teams by promptly crashing their games with no capability to return to the match. And yet, even with absolutely infuriating scenarios like that, I am finding myself looking more fondly upon those memories than I do towards the game in its current state. And it's not from lack of improvement. Such game breaking bugs like that have been removed, and the core gameplay is leaps and bounds more smooth, intuitive, and reliable. However, there are still massive faults.I am an average player. I have won many, many chickens between solo, duos, 2-man, 3-man, and full squad. But I died/lost 4/5 games I played, a figure which has increased dramatically as of late. I haven't won a game in weeks, nay, quite possibly over a month. And it hasn't been from lack of trying, and certainly not from good teammates. Is it balance changes? It can't be. SMG's, DMR's, and the AK currently reign supreme, my favorite and most used weapons in the game. They shoot better, tighter, and more naturally. Aiming feels great. The new attachments and scopes are great. All of the map changes are great. Every improvement they have made has been great.So what is it? What is my problem with this game?As of 6 months ago, this game was a cesspool of Chinese cheaters, leaving most matches in a state of absolute chaos and dismay as you get to the final several people alive only to be instantly headshotted by some cuck with an aimbot that couldn't possibly have had a bead on you from 150m out with an (at the time) incredibly underpowered Vector. And while the volume of this has subsided, it still ♥♥♥♥ing happens. What's worse is that it is no longer just foreign influence to blame. There are plenty of English speaking cheaters as well. And what makes matters worse is that the death cam and spectator views in the game are so broken that in many instances it's hard to tell if someone isn't cheating because more often than not, the perspective you end up seeing shows wild shots into the distance, inhuman camera snaps, and impossibly compensated recoil that leave you itching to hit that report button. Are people really this good? Was 6 months all it took for people to get really, really good at this game even after it had already sold 20+ million copies? I often tend to think not, and as such, any and all suspicious deaths now get a gracious report regardless of what I see in the death cam. And honestly, that's not ♥♥♥♥ing cool.But to blame cheaters for all of this games shortcomings isn't fair, because that isn't every game. Sometimes you do just get outplayed or royally screwed by RNG or core gameplay mechanics. And I think that's where the true fault is in this game. Now that a lot of bugs have been removed and the core gameplay has been overall tightened, it's beginning to show that the base game is just...not that good. Yes, weapons are balanced, movement and interaction are much better than they used to be (though sometimes still infuriatingly clunky and unresponsive at the beginning of the game), but to call the game itself balanced is rubbish. Either you get lucky and nobody drops near you, giving you a chance to actually find gear, or you don't and you die instantly, leaving your team at a disadvantage and more often than not resulting in an immediate return to the lobby as no single member of the party wants to spectate for the next 20 minutes. This simple aspect of the game is both rewarding when you make it through, and anger inducing when you don't, cursing RNGesus to hell as you slam your left mouse button with so much hatred over that "Exit to Lobby" UI element.But that is only one source of frustration. The other is how the game handles characters being behind cover. This is I think the most important complaint any player could make about this game. I have in the several hundred gigs of replays and game captures so many instances of deaths where I am shot by someone hiding behind a tree or rock or building, where only the teeniest, tiniest part of their head is exposed from the cover, yet somehow according to the game mechanics, their gun is also able to fire around that cover and complete a shot. Yet it seems when I try to do this same action, I feel completely exposed. No matter how much I lean into and creep around a corner, it's as though my entire body is exposed, and I am more often than not targeted and shot within milliseconds of bringing my gun up to aim and tapping the peek controls. For a game that while obviously isn't rooted purely in realism but still tries its hardest to bring a sense of reality into player interaction, instances like this absolutely confuse me.Another current aggrivation includes hit detection and the application of armor values. I played a game a couple nights ago where a player in a ghillie suit was creeping his way into the circle while my squadmates and I began popping shots at him. I hit him 3 solid times with a Mini 14 from ~ 150m out. Blood on each shot, absolutely unmistakable hits right to center mass. Another teammate scored another 2 shots on him with a SCAR-L, and another teammate with an SKS delivered the killing blow with 2 well placed headshots. Upon making my way over to him, I noticed something incredibly strange. His body contained a fresh, untouched and undamaged level 3 helmet, as well as a level 3 vest that still had a whopping 173 armor value left on it. We even compared game replay footage afterwards to confirm our blood splatters, all of which according to our games showed a total of 7 confirmed hits with fully outfitted, high damage weapons. How is this possible? What about the headshots that killed him, that actually confirmed in the kill feed that he was killed with a HEADSHOT? How does this translate to no damage being taken to the level 3 helmet?This is not the first instance of this I have seen either. Since the latest balance changes, body armor appears to have become...broken. At times, you'll feel as though your level 3 vest does absolutely nothing when you get hit in the chest from 300m away with an M24 and your vest is destroyed in a single hit. And yet other times you'll find yourself hitting someone repeatedly with a similar sniper/DMR, only to see that shiny glint of a green level 1 helmet or the washed out blue of the level 1 police vest still intact and on their body.I'd like to believe I'm just crazy. I'd like to believe I just suck. But then I play a game or two where things just work out and I wipe a team, maybe even two by myself. And while I would love for those moments to redeem this game, to make me go "Wow that was so worth the pain and anguish of the last 11 games filled with absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t", it isn't. Not anymore. Because even those games were you find yourself wiping squad after squad, you still get to the final couple circles only to be met with a fate that often feels engineered to put you at odds with someone who just happened to get lucky in one way or another. It is this inconsistency that makes this game feel like a waste of time.Winning is no longer a reward of skill, it's a byproduct of luck and inconsistent game mechanics. More often than not, you'll find yourself feeling like you've simply wasted your time playing this. Sorry PUBG, but you've lost my love, and it's time for us to see new people.			
Posted: October 3	1679	3477	None	50	36.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Current players 3 million - new crate. Current players 2 million - new crate. Current players 1 million - sale			
Posted: October 3	603	3187	None	50	327.1	Recommended	
Posted: February 23
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ please			
Posted: October 3	54	138	None	50	175.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												PUBG, a beautiful ship with the potential to reach lands of great content, is hampered by its precarious propulsion system, numerous construction failures and strong storms of criticism. The captain, blinded by his booty, changes the course to nearby islands of wealth, while ordering his crew to embellish the vessel and remove the water from it with a spoon.			
Posted: January 7	0	62	None	50	494.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												PUBG was good untill 3 weeks ago. now is garbage, cheaters and cheaters			
Posted: January 7	5	273	None	50	127.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												We have supported this game since early access. PUBG has made over $730 million dollars. Yet, it's still not optimized, cheaters are rampant, crates are locked behind keys. Even after charging $30 for the game, they now introduce this $9.99 Event Pass.They promised us no DLC but while the maps are free, missions, rewards and progression will come at a cost. They ask for feedback but get upset that we're not singing their praises. If this were free to play, none of us would care. It's just a shame. A damn, stupid shame.This whole thing is a tone deaf slap in the face to all of us who have supported the game since launch. /u/Ford117It's hard to pay attention to PUBG anymore. As a day one player I loved the game, got my $30 worth but clearly they have lost their edge.Progress is so painfully slow that the game is just stale, and huge optimization issues STILL exist. This is why the player base is evaporating. If you dont mind the devs being gready and being completey out of toutch with the community, and removing features go ahead and buy PUBG. In my eyes there is so much better avalable.			
Posted: January 7	31	744	None	50	840.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 4
												I used to really enjoy playing this game. It did start with a lot of glitches and it took a very long time to fix them but it was overall positive….until the developers decided to turn off the Oceania server without explanation. I find this a very greedy act. The game has become unplayable with a ping over 200 (used to be 20). I highly recommend anyone in Australia does not buy this game.			
Posted: January 7	21	328	None	50	1,030.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												For every bug they fix they introduce 15 new ones. The game still runs horribly, netcode is still a joke and the new "region lock" doesn't work at all.			
Posted: January 7	11	100	None	50	512.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 7	69	1132	None	50	296.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26
												We love the game, it is a fantastic game - however EVERY SINGLE GAME is filled with hackers now. I can basically guarantee every single day you play this game you will experience a hacker of some kind.Hackers:Locking sights onto your location (THROUGH WALLS) - check.Aimbotting - check.Getting kills without their crosshairs being over you - check.Lambert - check.If the hackers are not taken care of it will completely destroy the game.			
Posted: January 7	47	226	None	50	642.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												PLAYERUNKNOWN'S UNOPTIMIZED BUGFEST			
Posted: January 7	96	1751	None	50	668.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 8
												I really want to like this  game.That's the kind of thing you hear from someone who's describing an early-access game, or an indie game that was made by two guys. Instead, this multi-million dollar, 1 year+ old cultural phenomenon is more broken than a browser-based flash shooter from the early 2000s. Unreliable servers, atrocious communication from the developers, an uninformed attitude by Player Unknown himself, the worst in-game purchases I have ever encountered in a game, an engine so unoptimized it can't be played on reasonably on the best hardware available, and a development timeline that has somehow made the game run even WORSE over time.I've played this game for over 450 hours and since mid-2017. It's not getting better. It will never get better. Save your money.			
Posted: January 7	2	96	None	50	321.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 6
												#RegionLockChina			
Posted: January 7	60	1232	None	50	428.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I'm not usually a Battle Royal player, but this game is perfect for my play style. ARMA is too "hard core" for meH1Z1 is too arcadeish for me.PUB fits right in between those two, and it is really well done.Looking forward to the next 6 months to see how the games progress with the optimization the devs will focus on.100% worth the price tag.			
Posted: October 3	61	363	None	249	1,147.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												Don't fix pubg, please. Instead of fixing it, you're making it worse than already is.			
Posted: October 3	22	162	None	249	45.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 28
												Region. Lock. China.▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: October 3	92	3746	None	249	265.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Banning people to appease streamers is wrong and disgusting.			
Posted: October 3	20	524	None	249	583.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 26, 2017
												(CHECK OUT THE UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM)It's an amazing game with a lot of potential, but I simply cannot recommend it until the publisher stops babysitting streamers and stops banning people who kill or disturb them. I don't watch or follow streamers and can't see the point in doing that instead of actually playing the game. This is a matter of principle - if you'the consequences of doing that. And while the streamers get pampered, cheating is completely out of control.What worries me the most is that Brendan Greene (aka PLAYERUNKNOWN) seems to be a fan of Microsoft and their "software as a service" business model, which already spawned abominations like Cancer 10[www.grc.com]. Thus the lack of plans for Linux and Mac OS X ports and for Vulkan support. I'm pretty sure they have DirectX 12 support planned though and eventually the game might become Cancer 10[www.grc.com] only, which would be a real shame.UPDATE 1: with the 14 September 2017 update, the devs decided to go all Microsoft and removed some of the players' choices. The Shadows setting is now being ignored, and a high level of shadows is being forced on all players, together with ambient occlusion, bloom and depth of field. All the bugs reported on the game's official forums[forums.playbattlegrounds.com] by people who played on the test servers before the update was deployed to the main servers were solemnly ignored, making me wonder what's the point in having test servers at all.UPDATE 2: one of their "community managers" posted an "explanation" referring to this topic[forums.playbattlegrounds.com] on reddit instead of on their official forums where the topic was created, so I posted on their official forums that doing that was amateurish of him. A few minutes later, I was summarily banned from their official forums without any previous warning by a moderator going by the nick PUBG_Caesar of Roma. And to think that I've been helping to promote this game on all the [>NF<] Game Servers[www.noobsforever.net] sites and community channels since it was launched...So, when you post on the PUBG official forums, be extremely careful not to write anything the hypersensitive, touchy-feely "community managers" and moderators might find even slightly offensive to them, or you will be banned without warning and with no chance to appeal the ban.UPDATE 3: on 20 December 2017 the game officially left early access state, and I gotta give the devs some credit for having had the courage to release this... thing. They actually managed to make the game look and play and sound worse than the early access version. All textures have been downfiltered and the color palette reduced. Chromatic aberration also seems to have been applied, together with color oversaturation. I would say that, once they admitted to themselves that they were unable to increase the game's performance, they decided to partially achieve that by downgrading the quality of the graphics. And the water... what have they done to the water?!?!? Was it really their intention to make it look like an oil spillage happened?Now on to the new "desert" map (AKA Miramar). It's hard to find words to describe that abomination. While every spot on Erangel had some kind of "point" to it, with different strategies needed depending on where you decided to land, the new map would probably have been better if they had let a program generate it by randomly placing groups of buildings and hills across the map - because that's what it is, a pointless mess of pointless spots, plagued by even worse graphics than Erangel, with horribly overbright low-quality textures covering the whole thing. Any FPS game from the mid 2000's looks and plays and sounds way better than this. I laughed a lot with my friends because some of the new vehicle sounds actually reminded us of someone having sexual intercourse. The bombing sounds are equally laughably inconsistent. I really tried hard to find some redeeming quality to this release but it's so bad and annoying in so many ways that I'm not even feeling like playing the game anymore.UPDATE 4: with the release of the new crates on 22 February 2018, I decided today to check out the state the game was in. I only have one word to describe it: ABOMINATION. They managed to make the graphics and the maps even uglier - even the once glorious Erangel is now hard to look at without my stomach churning. For some reason they decided to shrink the fonts and the game's items, making text harder to read and items harder to pick up. The game's items were also reskinned and look much worse now, as does most everything else. But the icing on this rotten cake is the new "sliding feature". It works like this: when you stop moving, you continue to slide in the direction you were moving for a while. That makes you miss turns, items and enemies all the time. The only reason I can possibly imagine for someone to play the game the way it is now is to get the crates and sell them on the community market.UPDATE 5 (27 May 2018): Chinese cheat fest.			
Posted: October 3	9413	6088	None	249	1,007.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Realistic and fun simulation of Detroit area.			
Posted: October 3	112	1385	None	249	2,012.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 12
												2000 hours I have spent waiting and praying for the dev's to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. I was loyal and deticated to what I thought was an up-and-coming game. I, like most people, was fine with a few bug here and there. I just assumed that as time passed the game would get better. It didn't. It remains a broken mess and the dev's are trying to patch the holes with cosmetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game is dying, if it's not already dead. Take it from a guy with 2000 hours of pateintly waiting for one of my favorite games to be fixed, the dev's don't care. They have absoutley proved that they only care about the revenue, and I refuse to spend an extra $12 to unlock challenges THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN THE GAME TO BEGIN WITH. This game is frustrating at best. I was so exxcited to see what direction they would take PUBG and they ran it straight into the ♥♥♥♥ing ground. Save your money and play fornite. At least their game works.			
Posted: October 3	537	4713	None	249	427.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								I GOT BANNED FOR STREAM SNIPING AND I WASNT EVEN WATCHING A STREAM!!!!			
Posted: October 3	2631	3334	None	249	64.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								10/10 motion blur is unchecked by default.			
Posted: October 3	413	8967	None	249	209.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								I love this game.  It's really fun and an amazing experience to play with friends.  However, there are two things are that holding this game back.  The streamers and the developers.  Arguably, the streamers are the ones that made this game famous but as of right now, they are ruining it with the help of the developers.  "There are two rules for success...  Number one, never reveal everything you know."The Streamer.  These are the people who cry and whine about stream sniping.  I have to be completely honest, I feel sorry for these guys...  For being complete morons.  If you're going to complain about stream snipers then whine to the developers otherwise you're not going to play their game anymore, you need to shut up and get out.  The laziness and the "♥♥♥♥ YOU, GIVE ME MONEY!" attitude from the streamers disgust me the most.  They could easily put up a delay, blur out information, and block out the map...  BUT, they choose not to.  Instead, this is where the devs come into play..."Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power."The Devs.  With very little to no proof at all, they will ban you outright because a streamer cried stream sniper.  In fact, the devs don't even need proof, the streamers' tears and butthurt emotions show all the proof that he's a salty loser.  You guys need to listen to the real community, the Steam reviews, the people on Reddit.  Not to the dumbasses who stream and cry "STREAM SNIPER, BAN HIM!" whenever they get salty about being killed.  At this point, there are possibly more innocent people banned than actual stream snipers.  Go for the real problems, the hackers, the exploiters, and OPTIMIZATION.  This is completely unacceptable and you guys are sucking the streamer's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  TL;DRDEVS, you guys need to man up and tell these guys to ♥♥♥♥ off.  STREAMERS, if you got killed because you couldn't bother to hide important information, you're an idiot and you have no right to complain.			
Posted: October 3	140	4234	None	249	393.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								There's always a possibility of getting banned for unknowingly killing a streamer in this game. Beware.UPDATE: Some egotistical high profile streamers are getting innocent people banned unfairly for small durations and the developers are siding with the streamers. This review is all about this issue. Nothing more, nothing less...			
Posted: March 11	69	1705	None	166	340.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 11
Edit 2018.03.31: yes, i played 300hrs in the game and enjoyed quite a large percentage of those.  that definitely feels like a game i should give a big thumbs up to.  but in the end, a review should reflect how you feel about a game after playing it.  i've played games for 1-2 hours and loved them and will have fond memories of years later (Timeframe) so # of hours is not a very interesting metric.i've always enjoyed milsims and PUBG really hit the sweet spot there.  i wanted this game to be where i spend my most precious resource: my time.  i think we all agree that the potential for PUBG to be the ultimate serious FPS Battle Royale was there but has been squandered because the game is so frustrating to play at high level.  with that in mind, here's the original review:it feels weird to be thumb downing such a popular game which i myself played for over 300 hours, enjoyed with friends, had some unforgettably entertaining moments in, and whose best players i watched often on twitch when unable to play myself.however, thumbs down it is and the game has been uninstalled.when i got the game in september of last year it was a hot [relatively] new thing with amazing potential and it was forgivable to have all the wonky issues (desync, start game lag, etc).  since then, the early access game has gone gold, introduced a new map, added cosmetics and taunts, changed balance in weapons, addressed cheats, etc.  the dev team has definitely been busy and adding a lot of content and interest to the game.the problem?  the foundation on which pubg is built hasn't changed.  at this point, given the focus of the dev team, this signals to me that it will likely never change.the devs attempted to fix the start of game lag by redistributing starting player locations and removing pre-game items.  to me this is a clear indication that the basic problem in the engine hasn't been addressed, just worked around.  the client to client discrepancies due to architecture decisions made early in the development process now seem unlikely to be addressed in the future.ask yourself how many times the pubg engine misrepresents player positions and angles when a kill happens.  the likelihood is that more often than not someone [typically the one on the receiving end ;)] is shaking their head and it genuinely doesn't have anything to do with their reactions to what they see in the game.as a comparison, take the decade old source engine that drives counter strike global offensive.  you can complain all you want about that game but the base it is built on is incredibly solid.  the surprises at every level of play have to do with player skill, not engine quirks.when TSM_Viss returned from IEM Katowice 2018 in march - having played PUBG only on LAN and not online for several days he had this to say: https://clips.twitch.tv/SwissCaringSowHoneyBadger:"after playing on LAN you come back to this, you guys have no idea how much lag we play with constantly in this game [...] if they could get the game feeling like how it feels on LAN, online, ho-my-god.  it would be a dream."it's 2018.2 decades since Quake World set the bar for responsiveness in online games you simply can't have an action FPS run on an engine that must allow as much unreliability as PUBG and with no signs of that ever being addressed.			
Posted: March 11	0	37	None	166	159.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
												The game can be fun if you can find someone that speaks english to play with. for some reason the chinese players insist on playing in the north american server and the devs refuse to do anything about it. Its not racist to want to play with someone that can understand what your saying in a game where coordination is key to winning.			
Posted: March 11	34	519	None	166	239.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2
												Somehow this game got worse over time.  It had less issues in early access.The OC servers haven't worked in months. When asked about it they blatantly removed the OC servers, and now you don't get a choice for which region you want to connect to. So as someone in who lives in Australia, I'm forced to play on servers in Asia or the USA with higher latency.Then there's the general gameplay bugs. You can easily clip on something while driving and then your vehicle is destroyed. This type of bug has never been fixed.Other random collision issues on objects when shooting, sometimes you think your shot should clear an object, but because a collision model wasn't done correctly, the bullet will hit something else. Especially prevalent around window frames, the top of fences and walls.The general player base is terrible. There is no region filter, so a lot of people get stuck with players who don't speak the same language. I've been demanded by Chinese players to speak Chinese on an Australian server.These are some basic ideas that should have been implemented at the start back in early access.1. Have a language preference. You should be able to select your native language, and get paired with other people on the same team who speak your language. This will solve the issue of having team mates you can't communicate with. 2. Default to the server with the lowest ping, but also give the choice for server selection.3. The ability to report bugs through the player death cam. You can only report cheating in the current state of the game.Please don't give this company your money. They don't deserve it.I do like the concept of a battle royale game, but I'm sure another company will do a much better job. This is what happens when you only care about money instead of improving your product. I have no idea how they can call this a proper launch, it's like the game never left early access.			
Posted: March 11	13	722	None	166	166.1	Recommended	
Posted: October 15, 2017
Product received for free
First of bugs, bugs, bugs!The buildings might not load in, giving your 99 other enemies enough time to pick up a SCAR-L and pelt your♥♥♥♥♥with bullets. Second the chance of winning...The chance is 1/100, that means you have a teeny tiny fraction of a chance of winning, so you bet winning and knowing your the @£"£%^@ boss of the battle, yeah, it's awesome.Third the servers aren't all too greatWell I got what I expected from a company I never knew, but still it is only an Early Access.Fourth the playstyleThis game forces you to be patient, and always aware of your surrounding, for me when I play, try act like this is real life. Imagine if you die, you die in real life, but don't be a puszy.Despite flaws this game is extremely fun and competitive, it's in early access so I'll give it the benefit of the doubt...I recommend!(the edit was a spelling mistake)⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QrMKnhvnsk 
Posted: March 11	7	140	None	166	805.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 9
												I've put in over 800 hours into this game (and more money than I wish to admit). I have had a hell of a lot of fun playing solo, with friends and with new friends. I am yet to find a game where i get the same adrenaline rush that I get when I play this game but honestly I really couldn't be bothered recommending/inviting anyone to play anymore.Update #12 (April 2018) broke the OC servers. We had to play SEA or AS servers to be able to actually play a game. A group of 100+ Australian and New Zealand players grouped together (from discord) and tried to join a game at the same time and they just weren't able to. OC servers were ♥♥♥♥ed! Sure we had the smallest playbase but if you looked at the PUBG sub reddit, we were by far the most vocal. It took 5 months for them to implement a new matchmaking system and all that did was screw over the other regions (NA players being forced to play on EU/AS/SEA servers and vise versa, etc.).It's been a long time since 1.0 has been released and there's still problems after problems. There really isn't any excuse for how many bugs/glitches/matchmaking problems there have been and how and why they're continuing!I'm probably going to keep this game installed for another couple months incase friends invite me (but also to see if it actually improves (LOL)) but anyone thinking about buying this game or reinstalling it, i would honestly suggest you keep your money/bandwidth and play something else.This game isn't made by a competent company. It was a quick cash grab that far exceeded their expectations and they just kept building on top of a broken model. It would have to built again from the ground up and be released as PUBG 2.0 but who would honestly spend any money on this company again?			
Posted: March 11	3	57	None	166	143.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4
												As long as the cheater problem keeps as rampant as it is right now, I strongly advise against buying this game. Meanwhile the developers call the community xenophobes for literally begging to region lock the chinese players while they swim in money. Even if you don't know how to deal with them, hire someone that does for ♥♥♥♥s sake, being the historically best selling game of Steam I don't believe you don't have the required money to do so.- Lazy♥♥♥♥♥developers that 'laugh in money'.- Cheaters every other game that don't even try to hide it.- Still full of bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥(worth mentioning aswell).- Yes I'm salty.#regionlockchina			
Posted: March 11	27	771	None	166	342.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19
												A vision of success butchered by greed. ------------------------------------------As a life-long gamer I have learned there are two ingredients that, when applied, spell out destruction. Greed and disregarding your fanbase's concerns yields a drop in customers as well as reputation. I will write an honest, unbiased review based off of my gameplay experience and thank you for taking the time to read my review. *For the sake of the review I will include the whole entity of PUBG (head company/developers/publishers) when I mention "PUBG"*Going back a few years, I spent a good amount of time in DAYZ:SA. I really enjoyed the loot/survival aspect, but the game was being developed far too slowly and I was ready to move on. I hopped on the Battlegrounds train while it was in the beta stage and I was impressed. In the midst of a growing market of battle royale games I decided to give my time and money to PUBG because I anticipated a lot of great content. Normally I pray the rosary at the thought of "early access" games and throw holy water on pre-orders, but after reading several great reviews I wanted to see what the hype was about. From conception to release, the game seemed to grow exponentially and everything was going great. They even had 2 crates, Suvivor and Wanderer, that you didn't need a case key to open. Was this CD PROJEKT RED manifesting in a different form? Everything was going well until the introduction of paid crates. The core things I like about PUBG at this moment in time are:*Diversity of weapons*Diversity of attachments*Character agility (vaulting/jumping/crouching/prone/swimming)*Vehicular maneuverability*Vehicular diversity*Access to every building, making it feel immersiveThe core things I dislike about PUBG at this moment in time are:*Clientside lag*High ping players being grouped with low/moderate ping players*Paid Crates/skins*Bluehole trying to scrape as much money before the game capsizes*Useless weapons (crowbar/machete)To me, this game feels like a cash grab. Instead of fixing their netcode, separating players based off of ping, and developing a structured game, PUBG does the opposite. It caters to a younger audience that doesn't know any better about the prinicples of gambling, attempts defaming Fortnite instead of taking some ideas and implementing them in a better way, and bases the game off of an economy. Anything that is based off of economic gain, and content not in the interest of customers, on a fundamental level WILL collapse. Once the economy runs dry, so do the developers and the trend follows all the way through to the top, whereas the opposite will happen if you keep your customers happy. What's more upsetting is the "FIX PUBG" button in the menu on the top right once the game loads. It is up to the developers to create, patch, and improve a game while listening to the player. Instead I get the feeling that our concerns go in one ear and out the other while continuing to release new crates/skins/clothes.Dean Hall promised so many fans a working DAYZ:SA, but once he reached his financial goal, he ran and left the DAYZ:SA corpse to rot in someone else's hands. History repeats itself.Vote with your wallet. Do not support this game or any others that are more interested in your hard earned money than they are interested in giving you a fun, memorable experience.At the time of this review being published, I have logged 275 hours into the game.			
Posted: March 11	0	43	None	166	171.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								As much as I like this game and the whole concept of battle royale game mode is really intresting I think PUBG really did a good job of bringing out the feeling of the battle royale. Basically placing 100 players into 1 world and letting us killing each other to win either with a team of 4 or duo or solo. But then I just can't recommend this game because of its various problems and how the developers is treating the player base.First off the game itself.. Or just the whole management of the gameFirst off I will not really blame them for the server issues because handling 1 million plus players does offer some challenges etc but slapping ADS into a game to buy a third party software just to "boost" their connectivity to their game servers is kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up seriously like wow, they too paid a premium for the game but why is it that after paying for the game they still have to get a third party software to "boost" their connectivity to the game servers? isn't the devs of PUBG themselves should take the responsibility and say "Okay we need more servers for the chinese players"? Honestly I do not care about much about this whole issue because it does not affect me in any way but what if they did this to the English players or the whole player base? " Oh hey our server can't handle the amount of people so please after buying our game please get a third party "booster" software to "boost" your connection" Like what the actual ♥♥♥♥?The game trailer.. Looks really good am I right? Looks very interesting, so much intense fighting and feels thrilling. Well sadly the game trailer is just full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The trailer is what you would call glitter over a game. Those fights you seen in the trailer out of 100 games you will probably will only ever experience those fights in like 1 out of your 100 games or totally none at all. Those fight rarely occurs because RNG ♥♥♥♥s you over or you will be running for half the game from the blue circle just to be killed be some cheater later on. To put it simply the trailer is just a cool montage to make the game look good.  [This is not really a problem it is more of me nitpicking at here] DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE GAME TRAILER.OptimizationIt is really bad. I can run the game smoothly at 60FPS but the rendering of textures in this game is just horrible. I won't even say much for this because it is just obvious when you play the game.If you are wondering what I am running with for this game. It is not the best but I am pretty surely this can run it at a much better rate- ProcessorIntel(R) Core(TM) i5-7500 CPU @ 3.40GHz-  Video CardNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 - RAM16 GB - Operating SystemMicrosoft Windows 10 (build 15063), 64-bitThe Devs going back on their word regarding microtransactions is kind of ♥♥♥♥ed upYes I know it is only for cosmetic purposes and it will not affect the gameplay at all. [ For those people who will say "hey but its only cosmetics" ]Adding microtransactions means adding microtransactions and them going back on their word there is no other way around. It is like a lie is a lie no other way around it.So what this means? In the future anything they promise us like lets say a free new map for example. They can easily go back on their word anytime and say that the new map they promised us to be free will be sold as a DLC :D I mean why not right? They went back on their word on microtransactions and it is so blatant, this means that the Devs dare to go back on their word without fear. Oh not to mention the game is still in EARLY ACCESS filled with a alot of bugs.Oh yes early access with loot crates. Whats next? Needing to open lootcrates to get keys to open other lootcrates? Well if it really comes from this game I won't be surprised at all.And finally this takes the cakeCHEATERSIn this game it is so hard to get first place basically winning and the cheaters is getting extremely out of hand. Aside from fighting other 95 + other players you still have to deal with cheaters!! In the early stages there weren't many cheaters but after some time they grew and there seem to be nothing has been done to put a stop to them. Right now literally every game there is usually 1 cheater lurking just having extreme speed [ The most common I see so far that is obvious ] or just "aimbotting". Just goto youtube and search you can see lots of them. Here is an example where I encountered a cheater. Was in a team of 4, 1 dead and 3 was alive and 3V1. Me and 2 other friends was alive. [ Note my team was all at 80% HP ]I was downed by a burst fire from far range [ 4 shots from AKM downed me instantly ] But managed to get revived. I found it very suspicious but i doubted there was a cheater. People do hit lucky shots once in a while. But this is where things gets very obvious. Final circle came and then the opponent just killed all 3 of us in an instant and all of us were behind cover. And game over just like that. You can say oh we are just bad it is up to you to think what you want but lets be real here you will know someone is cheating when somthing so stupid happens like in my case all 3 of us dies behind cover at the same time instantly. Like if I were to die when peeking ok the opponent may be just be very skiled but no all 3 of us were behind cover.For those who still says you have not encountered cheaters, well good for you but play the game more and you will encounter them sonner or later.  Honestly I do not even know what kind of cheats that person was using but it was just plain obvious ] Just plain disappointed and disgusted at its practices in this game and how the player base is getting treated.			
Posted: March 11	22	372	None	166	2,635.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 13
												Almost a year and the game still suffers from rampant desync and latency issues.			
Posted: March 11	4	84	None	166	145.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16
												This game was fun when It came out. I'll admit it is a fun game. But if you live in Australia or New Zeland you can go and get ♥♥♥♥ed. We no longer have Oceanic server, every time I play I am matched up with palyers from Asian countries and the lag is horrendous. My teammates speak next to no english, if I solo que I am still just stuck with the ridiculous lag.Honestly dont know why they removed our servers in the first place. Till they do something about us players down under and the Kiwis I think the developers dont give a ♥♥♥♥ anymore.			
Posted: January 25	3	77	None	429	485.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Decent First Person Shooter / Third Person Shooter.Current problem with the game and why i can't recommend the game:- There are rubberbanding Issues which results in you not being able to pick up items you are standing op top of even if you spam the pick up item key, which can be crucial and often times outright deadly.- There are no region lock (this is a problem because the majority of the playerbase is chinese (41% of the player base) and do to an uther lack of competence from the creator of the game Brendon Green they are forced to pay a monthy fee to get access to the game or use a VPN service so they can get around that, and to try and avoide that the chinese players are joining american and european servers, which results in people with an horrible ping will be joining servers they wore never supose to be playing at in the first place (some times you can even be downed by player you have already downed yourself...)- There is a huge cheating problem in the game. (99% of all cheaters are chinese (this number is taken from the banned list, im not making it up, 99% of all cheaters are from china, so this creates a huge problem for none chinese players when chinese players play on none chinese servers. - People have been banned for the crime of shooting Twitch Streamers (doesn't matter if you have a twitch account watching the stream or not, just the act of shooting a streamer have gotten people perma banned from the game.- People have been banned for driving around the game honking the horns in the cars.- People have been banned for shoting people that join Squads as randoms who shot their team mates... ye that's right, shoting a teamkiller in selfdefence against other teamkillers have gotten people Permabanned from the game.- The Anti cheating "service" is more incompetent than Brendon Green. (people have been banned by the system even though they didn't cheat, hundreds of people wore banned and unbanned because of the anti cheat system made false flags)- The Driving Physics of the game is the worst i have played it years.- The Creator of the game Brandon Green said that the game would never have Micro Tranctions or loot boxes (he later added them anyway. he also states in a interview that any player complaining about the "cheater problem or wanting region locking to stop people running around on servers they never should have been on Xenophobic and racists bigots.- Last update on the number of PUBG bans: 1,500,000 Dec 28, 2017 (not all accounts banned that was banned was banned for cheating)-February 16: PUBG has sold over 30 million copies according to Steam Spy.So a total of 5% of all copies sold have been banned...Conclution: I still cannot reccomend the game.			
Posted: January 25	0	29	None	429	627.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26
 Totally unbiased Review of PUBG  This is my second review on this game earlier I had given it a negetive rating because I was frustrated by the cheaters in almost every match.But that was more of a rant than a review.Now before I begin (don't worry I will keep things short and precise) please note this is more of an informative review rather than a negetive review.Like many others I got this game when it was in early access. I used to play it a lot with my friends and had some fun too. I even used to play it a lot in single player mode too when I was new and even then I liked it. But after spending 350+hours I started to get bored.If you are a person who likes to try out almost every type of game then you may enjoy it too for the first 100-200hrs with that you will also get your money's worth.Now if you are looking for a fair competitive game then I would say look somewhere else as this game may not be for you. Mainly because its unfair and unbalanced.In PUBG you spend 10 minutes in looting then another 10-15 mins either camping or running from the blue circle. If you are unlucky then you will get killedsoon after you have finished looting by someone from a location which you may not spot easily. Otherwise jump to a crowded location and start testing your luck.If you take the first approach then for most of the time you ae literally doing nothing in the game except wasting time.In the second scenario you may not even get a gun by looting a 2 storey house but your opponent will get it within few seconds inside a small house and will kill you with it.In both scenario's you will either get frustrated and angry or satisfied momentarily (if you managed to kill someone).The game only becomes intense during the last 5 mins.Loots are generally medical supplies to boost your health and gun attachments to increase the shot's accuracy.These things may be fun for some people but not for me. But these are not the only reasons I left playing this game the main reasons are these :1. BUGS. There are a lot of bugs in this game. Lot means a lot.Everyday people are discovering something new. You can headover to reddit toknow more about them. Due to these you may loose an easy win situation. I think many people including me have experienced this many times.2.Server desync & bad ping are the biggest nonsense in this game.eg: I hit a guy many times but he didn't go down instead he kills me easily with max 2 shots? When I check the replay it shows that I only hit him once or twice.3.Cheaters. Now they are very less compared to last few months. However you may come across 1 or 2 in a day compared to 1 in almost every match previously.(I have upoaded some videosexposing some cheaters you can view them from my profile)However bluehole has not solved some of the old bug issues yet (the parachute opening, item visibility while landing etc). Instead they are focussing on something else.Battleroyale genre is like a fad and nothing else.Every one is jumping in it to make some quick profits till it lasts.From battle royale genre I have only played PUBG & H1Z1 & I liked the later more. The current state of H1Z1 however is not good & I think PUBG will soon follow its path too.I think the devs are aware of this too thats why they are trying to grab as much as they could during this time.Anyways I have nothing against them personally its their decision to make money in whichever way they see fit.Currently I have not much interest in this game.In the end I would just say getting it or not is completely your decision.Please feel free to join here to discuss more on games: https://steamcommunity.com/groups/wtil 
Posted: January 25	2	42	None	429	1,001.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
												Im sick of playing with Chinese players on the North American servers. This is getting ridiculous....			
Posted: January 25	20	418	None	429	536.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 27
												Fix the oceanic servers,you can't even get into a game anymore...horrible. 
Posted: January 25	196	2208	None	429	24.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pay $30 to get banned by streamers.			
Posted: January 25	35	421	None	429	470.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 18
												No one gives a sh*t about the new skins, performance is awful, patch 13 fcked up the game, fix it ASAP!			
Posted: January 25	0	48	None	429	768.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												Terrible game, bullet registraion sucks, game crashes all the time, bad optimization, not worth the time. i have 750 hours in this game, and it has only gotten worse since 1.0. dont give bluehole ur money, they only add stuff and never fix the worst glitches.			
Posted: January 25	4	28	None	429	172.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 8, 2017
												COD BO4 BR > PUBG			
Posted: January 25	171	919	None	429	23.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25
												Hackers, hackers everywhere ▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ 
Posted: January 25	292	1540	None	429	357.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												There is nothing to say about the whole game and whats going on in there, i bet you know them all.The only thing that matters now is that hackers are destroying the life out of this game and even with the new anti-cheat system you will experince playing with them a LOT! And because most of the hackers are from one single region, the only thing that can save this game is:▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: August 28, 2017	71	1129	None	55	332.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Look at a streamer the wrong way get banned. shame.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	19	534	None	55	257.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 12
												Love the game HOWEVER... STOP giving me crates that require keys that i use my hard earned BP for. At no point should ANYONE get a crate that requires a key AFTER spending earned BP which then becomes a waste. Just for this reason I will now not spend a single dollar on keys and will sell every crate for real money on Steam. You didnt stop as just desperado crates which are pulled 1 out of 3 times, but now i do 4 pulls and get 4 different crates that all require keys. Fever, Desperado, Equinox, Triumph. As you serious with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ This has to stop and i will not support this business model.I recommend the game itself but i do not recommend the business practice.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	5	180	None	55	521.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												This game was fun in the beginning. But the devs started to change things for the worse and then it just went downhill. Don't buy this game btw.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	1	65	None	55	303.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 29
												Originally written on Jan 30th, 2018.Sept. 29th, 2018 update: Hackers are still as present as ever, just in the last game I played I watched a single chinaman instantly headshot 8-10 people without ever aiming downsight from 200-300 meters away.The problem is still a strong mixture of the Chinese playerbase's rampant abuse of hacks and the devs doing absolutely nothing to fix the problem. Despite the "fix PUBG" campaign they have rolled out hackers are as common if not more common than ever with it being easy to find 5-6 per game by spectating after death, all of them always being Chinese.Not to mention the other downside now being the long queue times thanks to the playerbase dying due to the previous paragraph's issues. When I first wrote this review there were 3 million players daily, now there is less than a million on average. You know something is dreadfully wrong with the game when it loses 66+% of its playerbase in 8 months.Avoid this game like the plague and you will be better off.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR - I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone so long as the developers refuse to take any real action against the game ruining cheats that are running rampant throughout their game. If I could return the game at this point I would. I hate that I have given money to a company that cares so little about their fanbase. - TL;DRI've got quite a few hours in this game, not enough to be a no-life but enough to know how it is. Let me break some things down for you about this game.It's almost unplayable. The sheer number of cheaters (literally almost all if not all are from China) has been growing steadily for over a month. Ever since more and more Chinese players have migrated to the North American servers the  population of cheaters has skyrocketed. Allow me to list what will happen to you regularly:- You will join a lobby and all you will hear is a dozen plus voices shouting in Chinese with the occasion expletive in English. - You will drop and find supplies as normal- You will run in to a solo/group/duo/etc. as expected- Instead of banter during the firefight all you hear is shrieking and yelling in Chinese (They talk in-game A LOT for some reason)- You will be instantly shot in the head after you leave cover (often before too) by somebody who was 100 meters+ away and was not even aiming down their sights, just hip firing.- You will be angry that you were killed by a cheater- You will take a break for a few minutes- You will go back to the top of this list.Literally of the last 5 games I have played 4 of my 5 deaths have been to Chinese who were cheating on the North American servers. I will tell the story of the last death.Partner and I were on a rooftop picking up a couple items, I see two players brazenly jogging down the middle of the road, one not wearing pants (A telltale sign it is a Chinese player), and tell my partner to get ready to attack them. At this point we have not at any point crested the barrier between us, but the enemy player in front of the duo has been looking directly at my position on a roof in the middle of town the whole way down the road. I told my partner to shoot and within a half second of him standing and taking his first shot he was knocked on the ground, I had also stood up when I said to shoot and I was on the ground almost instantly after my partner. Watching the death cam revealed the instant we both stood up the same player headshot both of us, while running, while firing from the hip. Their target reticule was as large as it could possibly be, yet they managed to hit both of us in the head twice in less than a second at 50 meters while moving and not aiming. You could think it was a wildly lucky shot, but when the same scenario has happened twice before tonight alone, it isn't coincidence that all the players doing this magical shots are all Chinese and assuredly cheating. I'm not bad at the game, I have multiple wins under my belt, I know what a good player acts like, and none of the Chinese players who kill me act like that.The game is broken. Not because of in-game glitches or errors (of which there are more than a few, freezing on start is a big one) but because there are hundreds of thousands of cheaters, literally. The developers of the game have openly admitted that a vast majority of the cheating players are Chinese, but sternly refuse to region lock the game and keep the Chinese players on the Chinese servers. They claim it is "unfair" to keep the "good players" out because of "a few bad eggs" However a "few bad eggs" is the majority of over 1,500,000 banned cheaters. It is more unfair to the few Chinese players that do not cheat to be forced to play with all their cheating brethren than it is to the entirety of the EU, NA, SA, SEA, etc. communities and players, who are all burdened by the massive influx of cheaters from a single region.I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anyone so long as the developers refuse to take any real action against the game ruining cheats that are running rampant throughout their game. If I could return the game at this point I would. I hate that I have given money to a company that cares so little about their fanbase.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	2	33	None	55	1,245.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												This game was supposed to be different. Instead, it's become exactly what we all hate. They could have taken the $730 billion dollars and put it into the game, hiring new talents to optimize it, make anti-cheat software, create addicting levels and polish the game to the point that most AAA titles could only dream. They got greedy. It doesn't matter how many hours you sink into their game, or the $30 you spent on the experience. They wanted more. They claim they need to continue making money after making nearly $1 billion dollars. So, they turned the crates you earned through game time into loot box items that were locked behind keys you had to pay for, which in turn has incentivized rampant cheating, ruining the game.Now, they're trying to sue a company that is more successful for using their one gimmick that they stole from another game. On top of that, they've added an "event pass" to rent items that will expire and introduced XP? Any criticisms from the community that wants it to do well is met with anger and hubris from the community managers. This game has truly lost it's way and no in-game experience can wash away the taste of absolute greed from a company that treats it's community simply like dollar signs.  So disappointing. Thanks for the memories PUBG but I can no longer enable the monster you've become. Good luck with the court case.  
Posted: August 28, 2017	13	33	None	55	3,190.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								1. Join a match. 2. Die to a camper behind the tree. 3. Think about meaning of life4. ♥♥♥♥ it lets play another match 5. Oh its 5am already 
Posted: August 28, 2017	1	77	None	55	474.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bluehole Chinese Official indulges Chinese famous game streamer "55kai" Lu Benwei with repeated cheating behaviors on Douyu Streaming Platform, which makes a extremely immoral example for teenagers and all players and lovers of PUBG.   His id is "nihaonihao123123" and "Watson555"We protest against Cheating and Official's ignorance!We Need Justice and Fairness！			
Posted: August 28, 2017	16	335	None	55	417.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10
												Gameplay is solid. But the developers chose to go for a 6 gig update with clothing and paid cosmetics instead of fixing issues that has been here from the start. GG. Lost my vote.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	3	64	None	55	142.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10
												#RegionlockChinaSeriously though, this game is one of the most fun games on the market.  It runs far better than it used to, and every patch seems to bring more and more improvements.  However, there is one glaring problem: Chinese hackers.  NA servers are INFESTED with Chinese hackers.  I never noticed the issues until recently, perhaps with the implementation of the kill cam.  My partner and I are top .5% in duos, and the game is borderline unplayable at times.  Half the time we get killed, it is by someone with a name like 'ahskf5834732843' or 'lin-feng-838912839'.  Upon review of the kill cam, they are tracking us through walls and snapping straight to where we are even when there is no possible way they knew where we were that fast! The event that caused me to write this review was someone killing us both from 400+ yards away with an iron sights AKM WITHOUT LAYING OFF THE TRIGGER.  Chinese hackers are sucking the fun out of this game.I love this game, and it really hurts to say it, but unless China is kept off NA servers, I can't recommend PUBG to anyone.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	7	139	None	55	193.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
												China is not numba one.REGION LOCK			
Posted: January 31	299	1766	None	63	146.6	Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												- (YES I recommend this game)-, but when I want to be able to duo or squad up with people from my region which is NA and all I get are people I can't understand and they dont understand me so how am I or they to win when we can't communicate or make callouts????? SIMPLE SOLUTION▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 31	93	813	None	63	344.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 16
												The game HAD a lot of potential last year. First some PROS:+ Still might have some potential...+ Highly competitive -> no storytelling, just get in the action (for those who want this kind of games).+ Thrilling -> reaching the finale is a quite an adrenaline boost, you have to focus in, stay sharp and vigilent.+ Quite difficult -> weapon mechanics for example: bullet drop, recoil, weapon attachments, bullet travel speed, damage etc. have to be considered and make the game harder to master thus more interesting and rewarding.Now let's get to the points which make all the PROS above irrelevant. The developers managed to turn this game into absolute garbage: - Doesn't matter what kind of PC you have: Crashes, Stutters, FPS Drops 24/7- Doesn't matter how fast your internet is: Their servers don't give a damn- Doesn't matter how good of a player you are: You die to game bugs, lags, freezes, crashes, desync ent.- Doesn't matter if developers see these comments: You get crates with fancy clothes to dress your character and patches that continue to ruin the gameplay and performance.- Doesn't matter that new maps are released: All of them are unplayable due to the horrible server performance/netcode- Doesn't matter if you actually want to play: "Servers are too busy. Please try again later."A few examples:* You land with a large group o people around that try to defeat you, you find a weapon, you can not pick up the weapon because the game lags out HARD (no matter the internet connection), you die to someone who had "server luck" on their side and actually picked up a weapon.* You try to remain stealthy and silent so people don't spot you, you die because someone followed you by seeing your bugged out weapon models randomly hanging in the air on the path you took before.* You get shot at, you see who it is and hide behind a big♥♥♥♥♥rock. You are perfectly hidden, the guy doesn't see you and shoots at the air near the rock, you die because these shots hit you. (Confirmed with death-cam)* You run into a guy, blast a shotgun right into his chest/face at close range, (blood shows confirming you hit him) but somehow he's perfectly fine, shoots you and kills you, you check the death cam - his HP remained full all the time.All examples above do not occur rarely, but daily and theres much more. Welcome to PUBG. 
Posted: January 31	1906	1802	None	63	73.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												--{Graphics}---☐ You forget what reality is☐ Beautiful☑ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Don‘t look too long at it☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}---☐  Addictive like heroin☐ Very good☐ Good☑ It‘s just gameplay☐ Mehh☐ Starring at walls is better☐ Just don‘t---{Audio}---☐ Eargasm☐  Very good☐ Good☐ Not too bad☑ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---☐ Kids☑ Teens☑ Adults☐ Average Solitare Players---{PC Requirements}---☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☑ Decent☑ Fast☑ Rich boiiiiii☑ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☐ Just press ‚A‘☐ Easy☐ Significant brain usage☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}---☐ Nothing to grind☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☑ Isnt necessary to progress☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ You‘ll need a second life for grinding---{Story}---☑ If you want story, then go read a book.☐ Text or Audio floating around☐ Average depends an DLC☐ Good☐ Lovley☐ It‘ll replace your life ---{Game Time}---☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☑  To infinity and beyond---{Price}---☐ There is no „price“☐  Worth the price☐ If u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☑ You could also just burn your money ---{Bugs}---☐ Never heard of☐ Minor bugs☐ Can get annoying☐ Assassin‘s Creed: Unity☑ Get a bug spray. Or more. A lot more. Or maybe a flamethrower. Or a nuke.			
Posted: January 31	103	1119	None	63	321.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 21
												Hey developers, do you guys know there are a lot of people who are blatantly selling hacking softwares on the leaderboard? You can simply tell from their id. So I guess my question would be why you guys haven't banned them yet? I mean they are probably the easiest to be detected. For example, wg123456789 is a very typical id that is selling hacks. I understand that you guys don't speak Chinese but you can reach out to me or other Chinese players. I speak very good Chinese and English and know all the ins and outs of this shady market.			
Posted: January 31	530	7029	None	63	25.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Banned for camping half the game in a house then killing a squad solo after they had already been in MY house for a few minutes... I think his name was JasonOG or JakeOG wasn't paying him much attention at the time. called me a "stream sniping ♥♥♥♥♥♥" when I started laughing over the mic.I explained I was hiding in a back room for a few minutes apparently on his stream.. I assume this salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't show the devs the video or they would know I didn't even know they are streamers. I heard about people doing this but didn't think it would happen to me...I doubt I'll play this again even if unbanned. Fun game horrible Mods willing to swing the banhammer because I camped the wrong people.*UPDATE* I've received an apology from PUB stating my "temp" ban was originally for team killing and had nothing to do with said streamer. also stated my ban was never ment to be permanent  "shouldn't have lasted more than 3 days." However I feel its important to state I have infact been unable to log into the PUBG servers for much longer than that. I believe the attention this got from the public was the main contributing factor in the reversal. played a single round after the e-mail just to see if I could. Still won't be playing this game in the future due to the treatment I've had thus far from the mods/devs.			
Posted: January 31	80	1672	None	63	190.9	Recommended	
Posted: April 17
												They should make training map so people can practice their aim.			
Posted: January 31	1034	1313	None	63	386.6	Recommended	
Posted: January 30
												best 7 tick server and 600 ping chinese cheater simulator of our generation			
Posted: January 31	837	848	None	63	448.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												👏 Jumping 👏 out 👏 of 👏 a 👏 vehicle 👏 going 👏 3 👏 mph 👏 shouldn't 👏 kill 👏 you			
Posted: January 31	56	399	None	63	410.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								What does Bluehole do if the game is laggy, buggy, full with cheaters and glitches? Prepare for console release the next month. Financed by PC players.			
Posted: January 31	1870	1042	None	63	166.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												You guys should put bug fixes in loot crates.Wait, I should patent that.  
Posted: August 28, 2017	79	2727	None	634	819.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
												Microtransactions in early access? CheckLoot box gambling? CheckDishonest developer? CheckBanning people to protect the scummy streamer ecosystem? CheckThe gameplay is great and I couldn't praise it more but if you respect your integrity as a consumer you should NOT support developers that act against consumers' interests.PlayerUnknown himself said that there wouldn't be any microtransactions in the game to focus all resources on finishing the game as soon as possible and here came lootboxes that you have to buy keys for (with in game currency boxes on the side). He even had the balls to say that when the game launches the in-game currency loot boxes will be off the shelves and the only cosmetics you will be able to buy are the ones you have to pay for.Don't support this developer...			
Posted: August 28, 2017	0	31	None	634	1,644.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
												Look, it's fun, especially with friends. It's an adrenaline junkie's game unlike any other.But all the things you could forgive in early access, are far less forgiveable now the game has launched.There are certainly a number of flaws in the game itself - the maps, the RNG loot distribution, the vaulting system's limits and bugs, the utter idiocy of its physics system at times...But ya know? They're stuff you can work past.What's really turned me off this game, however, despite putting in hundreds of hours? Poor server performance, and hackers.The former is the biggest issue, and will often make you think you're suffering at the hands of the latter, even when you're not (though you inevitably also will).The game essentially moves at the pace of the slowest, so you'll find yourself killed full seconds after making it behind cover, or lay shots into someone, only to learn they haven't registered on their end. It's a great concept, reasonable execution, but ultimately it'll just come to disappoint you as you find yourself defeated by the game and it's shortcomings, rather than your fellow players.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	0	25	None	634	225.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
												I've been playing PUBG since i got a key from my favorite small time streamer back in the closed beta days, and back then i had such high hopes. After playing countless hours of H1Z1, The Culling, and Arma3 Battle Royale, i could tell that PUBG was headed in the right direction with a lot of potential. And oh how i was woefully wrong. I've played countless hours of PUBG, and over time, my excitement dwindled and i got slowly more and more fed up with all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Nowadays it's pretty difficult for me to enjoy the game at all, after all of the faith i initially put into the concept and the designers.For my experience, i tend to not pay attention to hackers, and i never got banned for false stream sniper accusations, so my opinion i'm expressing here is purely on game design and execution. However, it's worth looking into the way the devs have handled PR and hackers, but i won't go into it. My main issues are with the bland and tired game design choices that the devs keep making after their player base clearly voicing their lack of appreciation for it. Glaring issues: 1. The graphical fidelity tied to performance. Or lack thereof. Now, granted this problem has been addressed pretty well with full release, before then, the game either looked like♥♥♥♥♥or ran like♥♥♥♥♥ and there was zero inbetween. Even with full release, it still has to look pretty sub-par for our generation of systems to run as well as a battle royale shooter should.2. The gunplay. I've been pretty spoiled by Escape From Tarkov in terms of gunplay recently, but I also have too many hours across the various Arma titles, and i love my guns irl, and PUBG's gunplay is atrocious in comparison. Bullets travel at a painfully slow speed to where you have to pretend you're shooting BB guns at people leading four or five body lengths ahead someone running normal to you at 25m away.2.5 The hit registration/player-to-player sync is pretty damn bad. This also segways into point 3. but you'll watch your little tracer rounds travel through people's helmets while they're standing still and get no hint of a successful hit, or you'll light someone up 15 feet in front of you and watch them turn into a red mist and they'll turn around and drop you in one or two shots. It's all just super sloppy feeling, like you're constantly gambling with bad servers and chinese players with 500 ping.3. Horrendous servers. This is an issue that if anything has gotten worse since full release. The first 5 minutes or so of landing into the map is just rubber banding, waiting 5-15 seconds to collect things off of the ground, getting shot around corners that you turned several seconds prior, and some of the jankiest gunfights you will ever see in a $40 or whatever it costs nowadays game. You'll get shot around cover pretty consistently throughout the game, you'll watch your bullets phase through people running in a straight line, and there will be the occasional Corvo inspired blink man who can get from point A to point B by teleporting up stairs or around tight corners to instantly drop you because the servers can't be f***ed to keep up.-quick sidenote here, my friend and I got really into duos for a stretch, and we won a lot, so these complaints are not coming from someone just salty about losing. We were pretty good, i'm just tired of putting up w/ these painful issues to keep playing this game.4. The movement. I think it's the way the game manages player acceleration that makes it feel so bad, but it feels like you're constantly fighting the game to get your character to move how you want. Vaulting was definitely a necessary addition, and i think it was done pretty well, but oh man is the rest of the movement bad. A directional input from the player takes about a second or two for the character to get up to speed, and turning and jumping are directly tied to your current momentum, so it just feels like you have very little tight control of your character. Arma2 has better movement mechanics imo, and if you play Arma2, you know that says a lot. Now for things that are done well: 1. Battle Royale is fun. BR game modes are tense, exciting, and rewarding, and as much of a shame as it is, PUBG is really the only healthy BR game right now. 2. Sound design. Using sound to hone in on players or gunshots is not hard w/ a decent soundscape, and gunshots sound good. The actual gun's blast, the bullet's snap, and the report are all usually distinguishable and they add to the experience. Sometimes suppressors can make guns completely inaudible over the snap or the report, but so be it. Also suppressed shots generally sound very good within audible range. TLDR Compared to other battle royale games of the past: The Culling (in its first couple of combat iterations where it was genuinely a blast), H1Z1 (although it had its own slew of problems, it was fast paced, tight, and fun), and Arma3 BR (truly the peak of the BR genre IMO, but sadly arma is just not accessible enough to hold peoples' interest or collect a strong enough playerbase or audience), PUBG just doesn't meet some pretty easy standards of quality in my opinion, and i think people just don't know better than to just accept it for the only BR title to play and support atm. It's got some relatively bad network performance, only recently does it have decent clientside performance, it has inconsistent and frustrating gunplay, janky and loose movement that does not compliment a game of this style or intended pace, and it above all else just feels like it's going to be a forever Early Access title that was lost to a big publisher more interested in generating money and twitch/youtube stardom than developing a high quality game appreciated for anything more than the base concept of Battle Royale alone.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	785	445	None	634	32.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 12
												I RATHER BUY WINRAR			
Posted: August 28, 2017	2	48	None	634	2,152.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Rampant cheating, wall hacks, aim bots, speed hacks, Top ten all cheaters.  But they will ban a crouch/jump macro then tell you to buy a new game.  Then delete forum thread about it.  Awful support.  Sad great game has been turned into cash grab.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	1	42	None	634	691.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
												I don't know if I've ever left a review before, but the cheating in this game and the subsequent tone deaf comments from the games creator have really struck a nerve. "A few bad eggs" says Mr. Greene whilst also acknowledging that there's been upwards of 2 million accounts banned already. If you play the game, then you know what I'm talking about. There's a large number of cheaters and the majority of them appear to be Chinese. I don't care if they were from Australia, UK or Russia. If region locking servers or ping locking servers removes the excessive amount of Chinese hackers from the game, then let's do it. It's not a matter of race. It's simple facts. There are a lot of cheaters in this game and the majority of them are from China. If you want to region lock me to North America, by all means, region lock me. Why would I need to play on a server that I'm going to be pinging from across the Pacific? It's not racism. Cheaters are ruining this game and disallowing Chinese players to play on North American servers will ease the pain. The politically correct comments from the development team are ridiculous.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	29	312	None	634	309.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												Can't play with a friend after update at all.So I have a friend who lives in Kazakstan and with whom my friends and I have been playing for a long time. We've been playing on Russian region, because that's where we live. He always had latency somewhat near 100ms which isn't so bad if you live in Kazakstan actually.Just now, after the update (wich implied that the server will be picked automatically baced on your latency, yada yada, we tried to start a game. Well, it just don't start at all. When I press "Ready", I can see that I have the checkmark on my nickname in the game, he doesn't, and vise versa. Tried starting different game mods and squad options - still nothing. Sometimes there appears to be a disconnect icon on mine or his nickname (we are still talking about lobby, because we haven't managed to beat it yet).So after all this we tried to start a solo game by ourselves. Guess what? I've been places on EU server, and he's been placed on Asian server (where he have 250ms ping, yeah).There is also a matter of Russain servers, because that's a ♥♥♥♥♥how by itself. They aren't owned or at least operated by Bluehole. They are owned by Russain company "Mail.ru", and my guess is - Bluehole can't or just forgot to include them into their brand new region autoselect feature.They promised that the region will be autopicked for the best suited for your party, guess they lied. Because it picks nothing, at least for us.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	298	9469	None	634	112.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is incredibly enjoyable, exciting and gets my adrenaline rushing like nothing I've ever played....BUT, until the devs stop banning people because streamers say they were "harassed", I'm giving it a thumbs down.Devs, honking a horn is NOT harassment. Explain to me how that effects someones stream or is harassment? Kill the person if they're doing that, and if they're in your squad, don't play with that person again (DUH). Also, when you're constantly being thrown into random servers, the odds of actually "stream sniping" someone is virtually impossible. This isn't like other games where you can find the server name and follow the streamer into it. Who the hell made this decision?Also, the broken promise regarding microtransactions. That is pretty goddamn shady. That's bad enough, but when there are so many glaring areas that need work, ignoring all of that to add a feature you said you wouldn't add until release is a straight kick in the nuts to your supporters. Devs, don't forget: We made you successful, and we can undo that by choosing not to buy anymore games from someone who isn't trustworthy, and thinks prioritizing streaming to the point of BANNING legitimate players who may not even be aware the other person is streaming is INSANITY. Whoever made this decision needs to be FIRED.You guys have created a PR nightmare for yourself and until you make it right it's only going to get worse. It's like you started out with a row boat and now you're flying around in a Yacht. Except now you decided to blow a hole in the bottom of the yacht, allowing it to take on water (which will inevitably sink it), but you choose to pretend the hole isn't there and that you didn't make it. GET BACK TO REALITY.Actual hacks deserve a ban, not because someone did something that some sniveling streamer didn't like.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	190	3168	None	634	558.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								AS + OC servers are infested with hackers.			
Posted: August 28, 2017	23	30	None	634	33.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												 an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured   an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured  an error occured			
Posted: October 3	462	660	None	16	122.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												It is like beeing developed by a bunch of blind people, managed by deaf people and lead by mute people.			
Posted: October 3	54	1272	None	16	62.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 27, 2017
Early Access Review
IntroductionPLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS (PUBG) is a battle-royale, 100-players, open-world MMOFPS/TPS set on a massive 8x8km land. The game supports solo, duo, and squad (3-4 ppl) play. Gameplay is very straightforward, you hop off a plane, loot weapons, armors, and equipments from buildings, and survive the thrilling PvP bloodbath.PUBG is obviously not the first massive battle-royale game out there, yet it stands on the pinnacle of its genre. As you may have known, PUBG has had a highly successful launch, securing a place on Steam's Top Seller game. If you're looking for a good battle-royale PvP, look no further. You've struck the gold.My claim is not without reason. The following is PUBG's pros and cons in my opinion:Pros1. Extremely active and communicative developers. This is vital for an early access game. PUBG is being constantly updated every month. I would speculate that this is one of the major factors in PUBG's success. Other battle-royale PvP games are mostly in Early-Alpha for years and their devs are too focused on gathering as much money as they can from the current players without making any real development progress on the game - PUBG is exactly the opposite.2. Great gameplay concept. No pay-to-win and no grind-to-win. Apparels are only cosmetics. The only thing you keep from playing PUBG is your skill. The PvP is thrilling and definitely fun to play with your friends.3. Non-toxic community. Simply because there is no chat function. Switch your voice channel to team-only and you're good to go. I wouldn't recommend teaming up with strangers because of obvious reasons.4. Highly demanding on teamwork and strategy. You can't just hop off the plane and recklessly run around the map no-scoping bozos. You have to plan out your movement very carefully and quickly since time is of the essence. Difficult decisions comes up often, especially in squad play (e.g. risk your life to revive your mate or run like hell to safety; Kill someone and give out your position to nearby players or stay quiet; Deciding your next 'safe spot', etc.) An enjoyable learning curve definitely exists - not too steep and not too lean. 5. A shooting game that applies semi-realistic weapon recoil, bullet travel time, and bullet drop is always appreciated.6. Various vehicles, weapons, weapon mods, clothings, and equipments are scattered all over the battleground to aid you in your quest of survival. The weapon stats variety amps up the gameplay - It can be quite a challenge to engage in a firefight when you got the wrong weapon for the situation.7. Although FPS is not recommended due to limited POV, the game supports both FPS and TPS.8. Minor performance improvements can get quite noticeable after several updates. Devs truly are working on the optimization issue. We can look forward towards better performance in the future.Cons1. Currently, very performance-demanding. The game isn't optimized that well yet and runs on very unstable fps even on high-end rigs. The minimum 6 gigs of RAM is an absolute minimum - virtual RAMs can't help your 4-gigs-RAM PC. In terms of GPU, one of my friends that is using a GTX980 is suffering from <30fps and extremely slow loading progress. Another friend with a GTX1060 suffers from fps drops during rain/smoke.As a response to comments' feedback for my 1st cons list: The game is still playable on all those mentioned GPUs. I just want you to know that the game is not optimized well. FPS drops, crashes, and screen freeze will sometimes happen even on high-end rigs. It happens randomly - I don't measure the frequency.UPDATE: Although the game is still quite laggy, minor performance improvements are already noticeable after the latest updates. I no longer suffer from fps spikes with my GTX1080. Most performance issues are related to server lag instead of PC after June 27 update.2. Server is lagging badly due to high player base. I would speculate devs didn't expect a huge sale boom and didn't have the resources to support all the players. As an example, you were running to cover when under enemy fire. You already reached the cover, but 2 seconds later, blood spurts out of your chest, you fell down to the ground gasping for air as your vision starts to blur. You scream for your squadmate to magically heal your bullet wound by rubbing the grass around you, but then...okay you get my point3. Gameplay is monotonous. Similar to CSGO's Competitive and Dota 2, you only have one type of game. The unique experience relies on various encounters with the squad/enemy in-game.4. Melee weapons are terribly inaccurate. Aiming also can be a bit off sometimes. Possibly caused by the server lag.5. Controls are terribly not reactive. It takes some miliseconds for the game to recognize LMB/RMB/'Use' command. Or even failing to recognize the commands at all. It can take three, four RMBs to activate the scope. It's kind of annoying when the weapon refuses to shoot when I press LMB because of the input recognition lag. This is a vital issue for a PvP game - devs better fix this quickly.As a response to the comments' feedback: I have to add that my statement about the terrible control is a rare occasion. Generally, 1, or 2 key inputs would be recognized. I would say having to press twice is much more common than 3/4 times like I said. But it does often take some miliseconds for the inputs to be recognized. My point is still valid: The controls are NOT reactive - horrible for a PvP game.6. Vehicles flips too easily and difficult/too unrealistic to drive7. Door and movement bugs seem to be quite prevalent lately. Whenever I move a step ahead, the game throws me back 3, 4 steps backwards. Seems to be affecting the entire server whenever it happens. Invisible doors also prevent players from entering a building, throwing us outdoors whenever we try to enter a building. Similar to fps spikes, these happen randomly.ConclusionDon't lose all hopes because of my cons list - remember that this is an early access game. I know some of the cons can be too much to handle and disturbs the gameplay, but devs are very active in updating the game. I dare to conclude that PUBG is currently the best battle-royale MMOFPS/TPS PvP game out there. The current state of the game is more than playable. Definitely worth purchasing even when it's not on sale.Well that's all I have to say about PUBG. Hope it can be of help to potential buyers!P.S: I already addressed my low playtime hours issue in the comments section. Please kindly read all the older comments if you believe my playtime hours is insufficient to write a review.UPDATE: Never expected my review would go up top on Most Helpful for this game. So I've decided to not take down this review after having more playtime hours. I'll update it if there're any significant changes.UPDATE 2: This review was made before the era of the 'stream sniping' and the microtransaction drama. I haven't played the game for a while so I lack proper first-hand experience to update my review. With that said, keep in mind that this review is outdated.			
Posted: October 3	23	263	None	16	663.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19
												Good game. Unplayable in Australia and they don't give a ♥♥♥♥.			
Posted: October 3	4	47	None	16	314.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Remember when this game was just a baby and was being updated on the weekly to try become a better early access game? Remember when the money got too much for them and they just stopped giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Remember when they prematurely left early access and added paid lootboxes? Now they are adding a battle pass to emulate games like Dota 2 and F * r tnite, get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here play Realm Royale or that other BR game we can't mention here, fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game and the hacking issue before you start throwing cash grabs			
Posted: October 3	25	670	None	16	629.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
												*Early AccessSpeed hacks, aim hacks, wall hacks, de-syncs...Don't Bother with this game until Blueholes takes control of these issues.*PC 1.0 The new in-game replay feature is really nice but still a lot of issues for a game that isout of early access...Feels like they only released the game to make more sales during the holiday.Server issues and de-syncs are still there.Hackers with aimbots and wall hacks are still out there ruining people's game.The game is fun and all but these issues are game breaking.Buy this game at your own risk.			
Posted: October 3	1686	2773	None	16	263.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's like H1Z1 except it doesn't suck			
Posted: October 3	1	29	None	16	209.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												Brendan Greene says cheaters are a small subset of players that do not overall impact the enjoyability of the game. Not only that, he says they're taking care of the issue.Meanwhile, the person that is #1 on the PUBG global scoreboard has a K/D of 99.67. That means, on average, that person kills every single person in their game room, single handedly. That stat is on the *PUBLIC LEADERBOARD* and he claims cheaters are a non-issue.Brendan Greene, how about you come down off your high horse, and join us in some actual games, and see the problem for yourself.			
Posted: October 3	32	344	None	16	616.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 4
												This game has recently taken a huge dive. Let me explain.I've logged a ton of hours under my belt, and for the game play has been fun when everything works as planned. HOWEVER, there are tons of bugs. Recently, they decided to release a "gift" to their playerbase as an apology for all the bugginess that has been problematic. BUT, there was a bug, for their apology for their bugs. Funny right? To make everything worse, they decided to punish the playerbase for this new bug. Because they accidentally gave out an extra 20k BP (in game currency), they decided to just take it away from the people that received extra. Because I spent it on in game grates, I now have almost negative 20k BP.This doesn't bother me too much, in terms of the in game repercussions of not being able to buy crates. But I think it really reflects how this game's company treats its playerbase. To use such a petty move, to punish the playerbase for their own mistakes, truly reflects how low they have stooped. The game is still buggy as ever, if not more. I constantly crash, whether at the lobby of the game, or loading in to a game. This makes it hard to play with my squad, because someone always crashes loading in, leading us all to have to back out. Assuming someone doesn't crash loading back in to the game, we would have to qeue up for another game hoping we don't crash in the process.Anyways, those are just my thoughts. It feels as if the game is not making any forward progress, and new updates are centered around trying to make microtransactions more integrated. I would not recommend purchasing this game, moving forward. 
Posted: October 3	1	23	None	16	159.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: October 3	139	3078	None	16	686.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								While immensely flawed from the begining, PUBG brought a new and intense gaming experience like nothing we had ever really seen before.In spite of the bugs and shoddy servers, my friend and I put hundreds of hours into the game mostly playing Duo's, and now we consistently rank in the Top 50 players on the leaderboards.Sadly in the last few weeks the game has become infested with hackers and Bluehole has expressed no interest whatsoever in taking serious steps to remediate the problem. Based upon the limited available evidence, it appears a Chinese company Tencent has bought a 5% stake in the game to allow it to be sold in China, and are creating and selling the hacks on the backend. So basically the developer is in cahoots with the hack devs. Tencent's stake purchases also coincides perfectly with the meteoric explosion in concurrent players on steam stats.While it seemed for sometime the devs actually cared about bringing the game to completion, it appears this game will go the way of its predecessors Dayz, Warz, and H1Z1 into irrelevancy.			
Posted: February 6	4	50	None	161	168.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█It's out of controllllll~ They have their own servers to keep them out of ours. No one likes to get killed because of a 3 second delay time on their part >.<			
Posted: February 6	0	28	None	161	1,241.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												Great Game, however rampant cheating is ruining it.update 6/18: some improvement on cheating front not good still, but much better.			
Posted: February 6	10	132	None	161	63.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												I have been a player, or gamer, since I have memory. I have owned and played so many games in my life, and it became one of my favorite hobbies, probably the most favorite one. PUBG was not an exception. I got this game thanks to a close friend who I played with at least half of the hours I spent on this game.  We never were "good players" at all, and we never even got a chicken dinner. I got one tho,  in DUO with a random two months ago.  I was a bad player, or should I say, a regular player of this game, who barely made it to top 10, and also who died more than killed. I was a player like you, and like anyone else. I just played this for fun, like I do with the rest of my games.Which means I used to launch this game, put my headphones on and let the fun begin. Simple as that. No drama.And then, suddenly a morning I see on my steam profile a Game block warning, after almost four years of being an user here, and a constant online player ( as you can see on my profile, most of the games I own are multiplayer, because that is the kind of games I like).I got worried. I had no idea what was going on. I lightly punched my face to check if it was a nightmare.But it was not. It was real. I got a game block, a ban, a red big signal on my profile saying I had a game block."What the ****" I said. I checked as soon as I could from which game was this game block. It was PUBG. Devs of pubg decided to give a permanent ban as February gift. Back then I thought it was all a mistake, that it was going to be fixed. There was no way I could have been banned just like that, not with my stats, not with my record, my pc was clean as an empty recycle bin, I made  sure of it using Malwarebytes, Rkill, and so other softwares. The only software that runs in my background is Glasswire to track my network usage since I run a limited internet service and you can find it on Steam itself. "Why on earth would I be banned on this game, and WHY on this game? I played last night just fine and didnt got any BattleEye warning or anything similar, besides, its not the only online game I play. Glasswire couldnt have been  the responsible" I said. Nothing was out of the ordinary, my pc was fine, my internet was fine, the rest of my games were working good with their anticheat systems (Vac, BattleEye, EasyAntiCheat, and so many others) even though, I was still banned on PUBG, it was a fact, it was real.So I decided to send them a email reporting the missunderstanding. I needed to know a reason why. I needed them to know it was a mistake. My email was answered two days after that. It was a pre-generated email from PUBG, and it was pretty obvius since I made some contact with other people who was in the same boat as me. I asked them what PUBG answered them, they sent me exactly the same message I got. "If you have any concerns answer this email" Said at the end of their email.I had a lot of concerns, of course I had. So I wrote them back and I am still waiting for a more proper answer. Probably I will never get an answer. Why would they answer? They are rich already, I would not be surprised if they simply ignore the email. Fun fact is that even they are billionaire by this point they cant afford a proper customer service.As for today, I am still banned. Many of my friends texted me on Steam asking me what happened to me. "Were you hacking all this time?" A guy from CSGO said to me.  I answered him "Seems like being a loser at a game means you are hacking. No way you can be THAT bad. You must be hacking" He laughed off so bad. I feel sorry for my friend who got this game for me specially to play with me, and we had so much fun together, but for 30$ I expected a better customer service.  I feel sorry for myself too. I lost hours of my life in a game that ended treating me as a hacker, as a customer who does not have the right to have a proper reason why he was banned. I feel sorry for what the gaming Industry has become. I am not the first or last to be  unfairly banned on PUBG. Already met with couple people who are in the same position, and just like me, they havent got any proper reason stating why they were banned.While I am banned, "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥4XXDestroyer" is at the top 10 in the leaderboard, with more kills than deaths, and of course, all of them being headshots from lot of meters away. Ironic.			
Posted: February 6	111	2582	None	161	1,473.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Now the hackers and advertisers own it. I and my duo partner we were 500th in NA, from millions. At that level today there is a hacker almost every game. IT IS UNPLAYABLE.It was a fun game, thrilling and adrenaline pumping. I loved it once despite all the crap  devs who are over their heads here  shovelled on us.Crap like laggy servers, people glitching around, you car getting stuck and exploding for no reason, dying AFTER  getting into cover, terrible optimization and random frame drops, to mention a fie. AND NOTHING  BEING FIXED despite promises.All that I can live trough but playing  just to be shot by some one trough walls and across the map with a headshot.... thats enough. It is not even like counter strike where you can jump in the next game. Here you have spent 20 minutes looting and manoeuvring on the map for a hacker to blow you away effortlessly when he decides to.The worst is that the B.Hole team is doing nothing about it. Player Unknown, aka Glass Door, made millions from the sales promising to make things better. Then he focused on bringing microransactions in the game, then bringing in game adds we have to look at, even tought everyone of us payed for the game. 2 gigabit "patch" to introduce advertisements in game - Intel yey !!! You got to be kidding me!!!And now Glass Door is focused on getting the game out of Beta so he can cash on his contract with microsoft. microsoft wants the game on console and that's another pile of money for the taking, no matter hackers are running amok and players are begging for help. The cherry on top is B.Hole banning people for honking near streamers or god forbid if you kill them. Yet in the statistics the top players all with numbers or chinese names have 80 kill/ death ratio but thats no problem! (for comparison some one like shroud who is among the best players has 7.2Kill/death ratio). B.Hole erases those stats but ingame cheaters remain.DONT BUY THIS GAME untill the hackers have been dealt with and there are no more advertisements ingame plus whatever other pille of manure B.Hole is planning. Also you should know that Glass Door is offering the game in China and Russia for 15$ but would love to rip you off at double price. How much is he charging you for the game and to watch his adds?			
Posted: February 6	115	1501	None	161	566.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17
												I was one of the early birds for downloading this game when it was first made public for testing. This game had/has a lot of potential. When it started off the mechanics, and game play design were quite fun and intriguing. However, over the last 6 months, they have taken what promised to be a fun very challenging game, and basically buried it under a pile of money. What do I mean by that? Well let me explain. They have taken a fun game that millions of people have spent their hard earned cash to purchase, and turned it into a game that caters to the cheaters, and hackers. The developers have turned a blind eye to those of us who want to play a fair game. In order to play this game we ALL had to drop a few bucks for the original purchase price which I believe is $29.99. Multiply that my 3-5 million sold, and we have made this company very, very wealthy. Now as with any popular game, the cheaters, and hackers went right to work developing ways to get the advantage over those of us who use actual skill to play. Once they developed numerous cheats, and hacks, they started selling those to the not so honest gamer. Those gamer's then flood the game with their not so covert hacks, and they run around the map using either speed hacks, wall hacks or the most popular no recoil hack. In the beginning it was rare for me to be killed by one of these cheaters, as there were not to many of them. My first experience was with my crew of 4, all of whom are experienced high level 1st person shooter veterans like myself. We have been playing fps together for many years, and have been ranked top in the world on many platforms. That day we were near Severny on the original map, all 4 of us were headed to one of the bunkers just outside of town. Upon reaching the entrance one of my crew was dropped by a head shot from a 45 pistol. None of us had seen or heard anyone else near us. As he yelled into his mic for us to back him up, we all turned to head towards him, that's when we all saw our 1st blatant cheater. This person ran past us moving at the speed of a Dacia at full throttle, and as he buzzed a circle around us, he fired just 3 rounds from his 45, each round striking each of our team in the head. Needless to say none of us were to pleased to have spent the last 30 minutes of our time to get into the top ten left alive, only to have some unskilled looser rob us of a fun time. Now keep in mind we had all played for many hours at this point, and had only heard talk of cheaters, never had we experienced one, until then. Since that day, the number of cheaters have risen to a point that I can say with a strong belief, that every single round played now has 1 to 30 people per round using outside software to enhance there game, to a point that even highly skilled players cannot compete with. Why haven't the developers done anything about this you might ask. Well they have, they have done very little to be honest. They have banned a few million people for cheating already, but it is not a permanent ban, that person can create a new steam account, pay for the game again, and start over. But why would someone want to risk being banned, and then have to pay another $29.99 to get back in you might wonder. Well that's simple to explain as well. The company who created this game gets extra revenue, because they allow the once banned to repurchase another game, so they make more money that way. But its not the only way the company profits from these cheaters. The cheaters play as long as they can before they get banned, which is historically anywhere from a month to 3 months. During that time they rack up massive amounts of BP (in game fake money) that they then use to buy crates in the game. These crates contain skins for weapons, cloths, shoes, etc. Some crates you get, require a key to open them. The only way you can get a key is to purchase one from the company for real currency. Therefore making them even more profit. There is a real world demand for these items, and people sell them on the open marketplace for cash. Some items are worth over $1000 real world cash. So the longer the cheaters can stay in the game before they get banned, the more BP they acquire, and the more money they spend to buy keys. Then they turn around and sell the items they get on the marketplace, and make REAL money. Therefore the cheaters make more than enough to cover another game once they get banned, and the company gets richer. The only losers in this setup are the real gamer's, who mistakenly bought this game to challenge themselves, and to have fun. The Creators of this game have no intention of making it cheater, and hacker free, as that will lower the overall income they get. Lets face the facts,they wont get rich off of the not so honest players like they are now. Don't expect them to do anything more than they already are. They will make a big deal about how many people they banned in the last big sweep of catching cheaters, just like the last 6-7 times they have made this anouncment. But if you notice, and pay close attention, they only do that every few months. That way they give the cheaters time to profit so they can buy back in again before they run another ban sweep. Its all about the money to these people, not a single one gives a (*&^ about the real gamer's. The game used to be a blast, but now its a joke. I know that I, and many others will not waste our money on any games this company puts out in the future. They have proven themselves to be as worthless to the honest player as the hackers are. Don't waste your time, or money on this game. Unless you have low morals and want to make a profit from cheating, then this is a great game for you!			
Posted: February 6	1	33	None	161	342.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18
												Chinese aimbotter in every game.			
Posted: February 6	272	898	None	161	80.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 8
												YOU EARNED OVER 700 MILLION DOLLARS AND YET OVER MORE THAN A YEAR SINCE EARLY ACCESS YOUR GAME IS STILL A UTTER TRASH AS A FULLY RELEASE!With that amount of revenue, you still charge people $30 and yetTHE GAME IS STILL NOT OPTIMIZEDTHE GRAPHICS IS STILL A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥br>THERE ARE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUGS EVERYWHERETHE SERVER PERFORMS NO BETTER THAN POTATOSTHE GAME PHYSICS IS SO BAD NEWTON IS GONNA JUMP OUT FROM HIS GRAVEAnd for some reasons you still think 700M is not enough that you are PUTTING MORE LOOT BOXES INTO THE GAME?instead of thinking how to improve the game,instead of rewriting codes to optimize the game,instead of improving graphics to make it look less like a♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU TRY TO SQUEEZE OUT ALL THE MONEY YOU CAN FROM EVERY POSSIBLE ANGLE BEFORE YOUR GAME DIE. IS THAT THE WAY YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO RUN A GAME? WITH ALL THE SUCCESS AND FAME AT LAUNCH YET YOU CHOSE THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AND SHADY PATH?And now Fortnite has done a way better job than you in terms of making and managing a game, AND YOU ARE TRYING TO SUE THEM FOR DOING BETTER THAN YOU RATHER THAN IMPROVING YOURSELF TO COMPETE WITH THEM?? WITH ALL THAT MONEY YOU COULD HAVE HIRED A TEAM OF EXCELLENT DEVELOPERS TO IMPROVE THE GAME BUT YOU CHOSE TO HIRE A TEAM OF LAWYERS INSTEAD?? LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE BECOME AS A TEAM OF DEVELOPERS!I'm done with this game now. This is the first time and the last time I would ever buy games from you. Congratulation Bluehole you have done a better job than EA and Activision. And now you have overtaken EA to be the top on my blacklist of game publishers, permanently.			
Posted: February 6	1	49	None	161	1,346.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												I have almost 900 hours into this game so I think Iam capable of telling what is good and what is bad objectively. Without going into much details, I have to say this has been the worst time and moments to play PUBG. At all. Why you ask? Cheaters.The amount of cheaters running wild, specially in TPP, is absurd. It got to a point where its impossible to have a single normal game. Or you die fast at the landing, or you die by a cheater who is aim botting, wall hacking or God knows what. This is just sad because a cool interactive, funny game is being ruined by these people. Bluehole or whatever manages the company should start making moves about this... Stop the BP, region lock, no more loot selling, etc. Just do something.Until then, don't buy this game. Not like this.			
Posted: February 6	3	49	None	161	582.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												#RegionLockChina			
Posted: February 6	8	49	None	161	742.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥until they Region Lock China, in every Match is a Cheater.F****** Rats			
Posted: October 25	47	486	None	238	637.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25
												I don't think I've ever played such a horribly made, poorly executed, and terribly optimized game. It used to be fun when it first came out, but it's clear the developers have absolutely no idea what they are doing. The devs just want money and couldn't care less about the game. The single most incompetent developers out there. You had so much time and money to fix the game. I will enjoy seeing this game die.Don't forget the new Suicide Squad skins....$45#FixPUBG			
Posted: October 25	3	27	None	238	169.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
												Imagine a situation. You are sitting behind a bush, your back protected by a rock and you are scoping the area in front of you with the 8x Kar98, 11 people left and you sure know you are going to  the top 10, hell even might get that sweet dinner and then you see a guy crawl past you. Like a predator you slither towards him and shoot your shotgun, he doesn't die but has no idea where you are so shoots a couple of rounds 10 meters away from your torso and you die of a headshot. Angelina Jolie curving bullets like Wanted? NO (I wish). Hacks? HELL YES! Sure it has 3 million players but I wonder how many are ACTUAL players because our wonderful hackers have multiple accounts to not only cover their shady practices but also ruin the community market by farming multiple crates, resulting in a crash of the whole PUBG economy. I sure don't hate the game and am happy that it's a good concept and the next big thing in multiplayer gaming but it is the plague of hackers and their never ending bulllshit that has ruined it. There is no option for us normal players to even play a single round without seeing a guy rambling 'China namba oan' or hearing an android woman's voice  advertising the hacks.			
Posted: October 25	9	107	None	238	856.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2
												LOVED this game. Disappointment after disappointment over the past year and I've finally given up. These developers are hot garbage and you deserve what happened to this game. It had the seeds of excellence and you watered it with bleach.			
Posted: October 25	142	799	None	238	557.3	Recommended	
Posted: January 29
												SAVE PUBG, ITS A GREAT GAME#RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina# RegionLockChina # RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina#RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina# RegionLockChina # RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina			
Posted: October 25	14	144	None	238	91.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26
												I love this game, BUT...I can deal with lag.I can deal with poor optimization.I can even deal with hackers.But what makes no sense to me is how after all the money they made they STILL haven't bought more than 6 servers. Every goddamn time I start up the game its "Servers are busy, try again" and I have to keep pressing it until it works.GET MORE SERVERS PLEASE			
Posted: October 25	34	1434	None	238	270.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is not bad, but some things need to be changed about the bans.1- Streamer exploit bugs and dont get banned2- Guy on the stream use same bug and streamer report and the guy get banned.These devs are abusing to much they need to stop, and catch cheaters.			
Posted: October 25	84	1912	None	238	181.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Negative review until hacks are fixed.The cheaters are ruining this game.			
Posted: October 25	33	831	None	238	941.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played for months with the rare siting of a hacker. Now that an article was published, clearly boasting how amazing the Anti-Cheat system is for PUBG, the OCE servers are now flooded with hackers. These range from speed hacks, to aimbots, and rapid fire bolt action rifles. "banning 6k players a day my♥♥♥♥♥quot; Even though I like the game, I need to negative rep it for all the baseless boasting I've seen over the recent few weeks about Anti-cheat, how "original" the concept of the game is compared to the other battle royal counter parts, and some other minor issues.			
Posted: October 25	0	21	None	238	428.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
												This game can be fun. Don't get me wrong, I have over 300 hours on it, and I've enjoyed it. I have to say for now, I don't recommend it. The problem for me is that this one map is getting old, but even more than that, the hackers are getting out of control. The leaderboards are full of Wg_qun-xxxxxxxx (or some variation), I've been headshot more and more often by one of these kinds of accounts while watching 3-4 others die within seconds of me all from headshots, all from the same guy. It's obvious, it's getting worse, and in a game where you spend 15+ minutes looting and only get one chance per match, I don't want to waste that time just to die to some Chinese aimbot account. I can live with the bugs, I can live with the single map for now, I can even live with the server issues and continually having the asian server selected after every match even though I'm in North America, but the hacking is rampant, and obvious, and really just ruins the game for me.I know this is early access, and I hope they will do something about it, but this is a problem with every shooter i've played, and as long as people are paying for access to these hacks, they're not going to stop. It shouldn't be that hard to spot them with their 40+ k/d ratios and thousands of headshots in under 100 matches. Maybe start banning these guys instead of people streamers complain about? Just a thought.Edit:For the love of God region lock the servers! This Chinese ping exploit on NA servers is ruining the game.			
Posted: October 25	1094	9210	None	238	127.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Loved this game to death, and I won't be purchasing another copy or recommending this game until I get unbanned.Literally going against a few players that were apparently streamers (Stone valley or something stupid like that), a buddy of mine in my group told me. So I decided to attack them with a car while yelling "BEEP, BEEP MOTHER F-UCKERS!" Killing him and his buddy. Ever since I have been banned for harassment, like wtf? So I spent 30 euros on a game and risk potential ban for a little horse play, its not Like I was constantly going at them or saying racial slurs etc. Really dumb!Edit:Going to keep the review negative, but I got unbanned! :3 Could be because of my review, and it gaining tension, but still was unjustified and ignorant reason for banning me for a little horse play.I didn' exploit anything, if honking the car horn and yelling "Beep Beep Mother ♥♥♥♥er" to a streamer gets me banned, that's extremely dumb. They should definitely start looking into a better system, instead of craddeling streamers balls.Edit again: Apparently I was banned for stream snipping. I was in a game with a well known streamer "Rock or Stone valley" Something on those lines. It was a group game, and I was the only one alive, and my friends were dead, and by chance, 1 of my friends was watching the streamer and realized I was in their game as when I killed someone my name popped up in the recent kills. So he told me, and me knowing well that I wasn't going to survive much longer with a shotgun and pistol with no health or armour, got into a vehicle and charged straight at them while having my mic turned on "Intentionally" while honking and yelling into the mic. " BEEP BEEP MOTHE♥♥♥♥ERS" I instantly killed both of them, they were behind a couple of bushes.I got banned, reason was for harrasment and there was no timer indicating a suspension.Tried contacing the developers, with no response to this day.To clear things up for whom ever reads this review. I still strongly believe I did not deserve a ban, or any punishment really as it was mere horseplay, and just having fun.			
Posted: June 21	12	130	None	99	1,802.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												As someone with 1400 hrs put into this game It pains me to give it a thumbs down.... but thats what it gets....I really hate to rate it this way but the direction it is headed is NOT GOOD.As a famous quote says "I don't know you anymore. PUBG, you're breaking my heart. You're going down a path I can't follow." The first major problem with the game is that hacking is rampant.... and I mean RAMPANT....  9 out of ever 10 matches you will encounter hackers. Mostly with names like 99998330287 and yes as much as I hate to join the club, it is 99% Chineses players that are hacking. 2nd with the roll out of the new map tomorrow comes the "NEW" Event Pass system...  what is it you ask?  Well in a nutshell you will be paying for newmaps and items..  ( Think Fortnite )  the major difference there is Fortnite is free to begin with PUBG is not.... bad move ...  finding a new way to charge the playerbase more money... 3rd the hit detection is just bad in this game... If you play it ... you will die a few seconds after you turn a corner and are moving away completely out of line of site... it will happen often.Now having gotten why I gave it a thumbs down out of the way....  I have had a blast in this game and made several new gaming friends.  The game has provided me with hours of enjoyment and laughter along with some heartpounding intense moments in battles... Hope this review helps some of you out.   Cheers!			
Posted: June 21	7	285	None	99	347.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												Servers can't handle it, lobby and matchmaking is very buggy. Handling feels unresponsive. Far from being esports ready.			
Posted: June 21	14	211	None	99	638.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 11
												HACKERSDESYNCSLOW TTKTERRIBLE VEHICLE PHYSICSBlue hole has promised to fix this game but all they do is amplify the above problems			
Posted: June 21	1	36	None	99	619.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												4 games of obvious hackers in a row, all with Chinese names? I'm okay with being Bluehole's version of Xenophobic. I've uninstalled this game and have no plans to reinstall.			
Posted: June 21	6178	3407	None	99	133.5	Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								-Jump out a plane naked-Land in a strange Romanian Town-Kill a guy with a pan-Go home and play PUBG5/7 would purchase again.			
Posted: June 21	4	168	None	99	794.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												unlimited amount of loot box updates with no real content the last 6 -7 months			
Posted: June 21	170	4677	None	99	209.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 13, 2017
Early Access Review
WAT IS WRONG WITH PUBG?https://youtu.be/P-tT8Bi6Cyc_INTROThe game concept is fun. As you can see from my hours played, I do enjoy the core game experience of a battle royale with semi-realistic mechanics. However, the developer is working very hard on ruining the experience by creating 3 classes of customers: the ALMIGHTY STREAMER, who allegedly can get players banned by his word alone. The FOOL, who pays real money to unlock crates to get clothing items. And finally, the PLEB PLAYER, who is at the butt of the joke.Before we get into the 3 classes of customers, what is this about? Well, the developer made 3 relevant statements:There will be no microtransactions in EA.There will be microtransactions for cosmetics only (no guns, no armor, no camo clothes) after EA.There will probably be no more free crates after EA.No. 1 turned out to be a lie as there are were microtransactions in EA with the Gamescom crate and all the clothes are on the Steam marketplace now.No. 2 is nonsense to me as there are clearly clothing items that are better at camo than others. Visibility is not just cosmetic in a game like pubg. See video above.No. 3 means that you won't be able to collect a camo-esque outfit after EA for free. You will be forced to pay money for it. You could also find a camo-esque piece of clothing in a match, but it's pretty obvious that someone who starts with a full camo outfit will be at an advantage over someone who has to be lucky and find all the parts in a match. Additional info: you don't keep the clothes you find in a match. Only clothes from lottery crates are yours to keep._THE CLASS SYSTEMNow let's look at the ALMIGHTY STREAMER:Streamers get custom servers with their own game modes and settings.The almighty streamer can claim his death was due to "stream sniping" and allegedly get his killer banned. He simply has to get salty after dying and the devs allegedly ban the pleb players.Since the devs included the car horn, it's even better. Players are getting banned, because streamers claim they get harrassed by "stream honking". So you use the horn of a car and a streamer feels annoyed, you allegedly might get banned.Let's look at the FOOL:The fool pays for clothes and thinks: it's only cosmetic, it doesn't give an advantage. He thinks that only the ghillie suit gives an advantage. This not true. There is already camo clothing in the game that gives an advantage. The clothing items in Pubg are NOT the same as weapon skins in CSGO.This crate crap attracts bots to farm ingame currency and gambling sites. I don't like fraudulent shenanigans.Let's look at the PLEB PLAYER:Having fun is ok, but if you want first class support you better be a popular streamer.Having fun is ok, but if you want an advantage, you probably will have to pay for "purely cosmetic" items that camouflage you._CONCLUSIONYou will die or find yourself at a disadvantage caused by a bug, bad performance or lag at least once per play session - but if you play this as a lighthearted romp, the derpy state of the game might actually add to the fun. How the dev can perceive his game as "e-sports ready" in this state is a mystery though. Same goes for the microtransactions and streamer drama.That's why I'd recommend the buggy broken game from a few weeks ago before they added paid crates, but cannot recommend the buggy game that wants to be an e-sport with a p2w lottery crate system.			
Posted: June 21	1	20	None	99	491.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												A fun game that is plagued by cheaters. It's really too bad.			
Posted: June 21	1	20	None	99	1,457.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
AbstractA game with a lot of potential with high hardware requirements, but ruined, brought down and destroyed by Chinese cheaters and the development team who refuse to solve the problem. Do NOT buy.Feel free to ask any specific questions you have and I will answer right away.ReviewAt its heart, the concept of gameplay that PUBG has developed is extremely fun. It offers a unique combination of first person shooter skills, third person strategy, teamwork, randomness and luck, that makes the rare wins exhilarating and memorable, and the many, many, many lost games frustrating. In addition, the inclusion of vehicles, the need to travel long distances, and the random glitches sometimes produce moments of hilarity and laugh-out-loud ludicrousness that itself provides entertainment making the game worth the price.However, all of this is severely tainted by two major problems. First, the game is severely unoptimized, buggy, and laggy. The netcode is a disaster, with round-the-corner damage very common, and unrecognized hits on enemies. Server performance varies from game to game and region to region. Desynchronization between the players and servers is a regular occurrence, and was in fact horrendous at the time of the official 1.0 release, which was rushed out before Christmas 2017 in order to garner the most sales. This led to major rubber-banding, where if more than 5 or 6 people landed in the same area at the beginning of the match, you would all be fighting the server more than each other, as you took one step forwards only to be pulled two steps back as the servers struggled to synchronize everyone’s positions. Later updates did improve the situation, but a lot of damage has been done.The next issue is hacking. Cheats are readily available for the game, and aimbot, speedhack, no recoil, wallhack, invisibility and other hacks are all in use. The cheaters are rampant and destroy most matches with their illegal and unfair advantages. I have played many other games for hundreds of hours, and have never seen such a prevalence of cheaters anywhere before. It is completely out of control and destroys the community, the gaming experience, and leads to a complete waste of precious leisure time.These two problems, desynchronization and cheating, are exploited the most by Chinese players. All the cheaters I have come across are Chinese, and all the abuse of the netcode, by using high ping to sponge bullets, is also done by Chinese players. We know they are Chinese based on their names, or because they have long numbers and letters for names but speak loudly in all-chat in Mandarin. Furthermore, they often enter Solo games but while in the pre-game lobby they communicate with each other and team up, and then play in squads against the rest of the server who are playing as individual solo players. This is called “teaming” and is a banning offence, however it is not being policed. There is also evidence of “teaming” even in squad games, where 10 or more Chinese players make teams (when 4 is the maximum per team), using the in-game clothing items to coordinate and organize themselves. They have flooded every regional server, be it EU, NA, Australia, or Korea/Japan.The reason I do not recommend this game is ultimately not because of these issues as such, but because of the response of the developers. Being the most popular game on Steam and the most popular game in China with the largest population in the world, the developers have no financial incentive to shut down and ban Chinese accounts – even if they do, the cybercafés where most of these Chinese hackers play from will have made more than enough money to buy a new account for their customers to continue cheating from. Cheats mean fun for Chinese players, money for the developers, but misery for everyone else in the world.The developers have known about netcode and game optimization issues from the beginning, but have instead focussed on a rushed Xbox port, commercialization through loot crates, and lucrative deals, such as a mobile-phone version for the Chinese market. They have not fixed the structural problems with the game, and have done nothing about the cheaters. What’s worse, they even shut down all discussion about Chinese cheaters.The game requires a very powerful PC to run smoothly, with a 10 series Nvidia card (preferably 1070 or higher), 16GB RAM, and at least a recent i5 processor. There is no way the minimum requirements of an “i3, 6GB RAM and a GTX 660” can run this game. I had to upgrade my graphics card and RAM before I could play this properly. I have supported this game since Early Access and also having invested so much money and time into what is clearly a great concept, the game is not recommendable because of the terrible playing experience brought about by the Chinese cheaters and the developers’ stubborn refusal to address the issue.Conclusion Not recommended. DO **NOT** BUY.I will only recommend the game when Chinese players are region-locked to their own regional servers, and when all the netcode and hitregistry issues are sorted out. We don’t need bells and whistles but some basic stability and a fair playing environment for all paying customers.			
Posted: June 21	3	65	None	99	462.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Huge potential, amazing mechanics and gameplay. Too bad the developers are braindead and think that adding new content will increase the sales. If they fixed the obvious problems like performance issues and bugs first, maybe the game wouldn't've dropped in player count so massively. Fortnite developers, on the other hand, know how it's done (though I still think their game is bad).			
Posted: June 20	3	65	None	681	462.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Huge potential, amazing mechanics and gameplay. Too bad the developers are braindead and think that adding new content will increase the sales. If they fixed the obvious problems like performance issues and bugs first, maybe the game wouldn't've dropped in player count so massively. Fortnite developers, on the other hand, know how it's done (though I still think their game is bad).			
Posted: June 20	1	20	None	681	254.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Mostly negative recent reviews, paid loot boxes, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimisation and hackersPUBG Priority: Continually add F2P monetisation in the form of keys and lootboxes methods to a full price game (even when in early access).Now with the recent 'addition' of a FortniteBR/Dota 2 'Event Pass', it would seem they are completely braindead. I literally cannot comprehend why anyone with a single braincell thought it would be a good idea fullstop. Nor how it's going to save or even help the dying game this♥♥♥♥♥♥has become.			
Posted: June 20	9	60	None	681	102.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								lag fest, desync, poor performance. Worst enemies are rocks.			
Posted: June 20	26	305	None	681	347.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7
												Not Optimized.  Over priced. Still plays like it is in beta.			
Posted: June 20	27	468	None	681	70.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Playerunknowns BattlegroundsIn my opinion hands down the best Battle Royale game released.+Built on a very flexible engine that is built to handle games of the FPS genre+Core mechanics of the game are solid and function with little to no bugs (In my experience, I've personally only encountered 2 bugs)+Vehicles that have good physics and good controls to them+The game in most aspects visually looks great+Plenty of weaponry (For release)+Gun mechanics themselves feel very solid and fluid, weapons have recoil to them and for me feel "weighted" +Nice animations for all weapons currently in game+The map size in my opinion is perfect. Large enough that you aren't always on top of another player (Unless you purposely land in an area with others), vehicles are useful, while also being small enough that generally it's not a painful chore to run somewhere ++SPECTATOR MODE IN TEAMS (No more sitting staring at a death screen for 20 minutes waiting for your teammates, while also making your teammates feel guilty for "leaving you behind" ) -Server stability (There are semi frequent heavy lag spikes that can affect the entire server, from what I heard this wasn't as bad in the closed beta, hopefully this will be resolved soon) -Performance/Optimization is quite bad (For many, many people) in this, IF you don't apply some commands/launch parameters to the game. (I personally went from 25-40 fps on medium and very low, to 55-65 by inputting a simple launch parameter, this command/launch parameter "fix" does NOT work for everyone) Aside from those 2 negatives I cannot think of anything else that's bad enough to be worth mentioning. Overall this game is great, even if doing solos, but is even more fun when playing with friends, I would entirely recommend it to a friend, so long as their PC is capable of handling it, or if the launch parameter works for themSystem specs the game was played on:Intel Core i7 6700 HQ Skylake 3.6 ghzNvidia GTX 960m 2GB 16gb's DDR4 2133mhzWindows 10 (System was an ASUS ROG gaming laptop) EDIT: For those who may be looking for the launch parameter me and friends used:Navigate to the game in your libraryRight click and go to properties, click "Set Launch Options" and enter the following command-USEALLAVAILABLECORES -malloc=system -sm4			
Posted: June 20	1876	10208	None	681	778.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Friend got banned for honking horn near a streamer called "stone mountain", and they called it "harassment". There aren't even enemy player tags, like how the heck was he supposed to know?			
Posted: June 20	51	572	None	681	1,367.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 30
												The desync/lag in this game, due to poor netcode, low server tick rate, and the developers not limiting high ping players to their own servers (hit reg is all client side), makes this terribly frustrating to play. Constantly dying behind cover. To get good at this game, you will have to learn to use the terrible netcode to your advantage. I enjoy the gameplay a lot but it's ruined by dying 50% due to the awful networking. They seem to only focus on making new paid crates, presumably because they know this game won't survive long term. I can't recommend this game, despite playing hundeds of hours. I thought this stuff would improve over time but it hasn't. I'm somewhat invested in it now, but really I'm just waiting for a better alternative...			
Posted: June 20	149	1010	None	681	801.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
												If u want laggy servers, infinite bugs and cheaters then this is the game for you.1.0 Update:---			
Posted: June 20	13	344	None	681	277.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												“It's quite disgraceful to see,” Greene said. “The Chinese player base is very passionate for Battlegrounds and they love our game. They're the reason we have such a high number of concurrent users. Yes, there's some cheaters that come out of there, but the majority of our Chinese players just love our game and love playing it.“This kind of xenophobic attitude that a lot of Western players seem to have online is just disgraceful. It's 2017! We live on one big planet together! What the ♥♥♥♥? I'm quite ashamed of those players that shout these things out. We want to create a great space for everyone to enjoy across the globe and locking one region out ... I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they’re thinking.”Unless the creator changes his attitude with this PC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and realizes that there's a serious issue with having 800 ping Chinese region players running around killing you while you cannot do anything against it, do NOT buy this game.			
Posted: June 20	844	565	None	681	247.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 7
												Have you ever had a friend that you knew for a long time, but he only ever let you down? But now you feel like you're stuck with him cause you've been friends since shortly after birth? You don't want to admit you've wasted your time, because it's so painful to feel like you're giving up after what feels like an eternity of waiting, hoping, pulling for your friend to come through and show that he truly is as great as you thought he would be. But in the end, when you're on your final straw after he promises friendship optimization and improvements, all he says to you is "Servers are too busy."			
Posted: March 9	1	29	None	2	663.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Don't know what to say, love this game, I can even ignore the cheaters, but the tech problems after updates are just so disappointing			
Posted: March 9	1	29	None	2	129.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 14
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: March 9	83	612	None	2	315.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21
												So after nearly 200 hours of gameplay, and a multitude of ups and downs in this game. I finally decided to collect my thoughts and share them here.PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS (Henceforth known as Pubg) is a battle royale shooter, similar to ArmA 2/3 BR and H1Z1. The concept is simple, 100 players drop out of a plane over an island or a Trump-Wallesque desert, scrounge up the best gear they can find, and kill each other. Last man/woman standing wins, but you don't really need to hear that, the game has been out for nearly a year, and if you haven't heard of Pubg by now, then I don't even know anymore.Pubg does a lot of things right. The gunplay, when it works correctly, is phenomenal. It feels tight and responsive, the bullet physics feel accurate, and especially rewarding when landing long range shots. This is arguably it's strongest suit. The original map that the game launched with 'Erangel' is a great mix of different terrains and hotspots allowing different routes to be taken in order to achieve victory, and is easily the stronger map of the two. The movement, for the most part is good. However I will touch on this a little later.Despite the multitude of things that Pubg gets right, it gets so much wrong. Hackers are a major problem in this game, even after the implementation of PUBG Corp's proprietary Anti-Cheat. Wallhackers, Aimbotters, Norecoil. Hackers are rampant in this game. Ping abuse is another problem. There is a reason you see people spamming #RegionLockChina, and it's not an attempt at racist humour. Not in the slightest. People from countries such as China, tend to join NA and EU servers in order to abuse the fact thaat the desync in this game causes them to be able to demolish people without any issue due to the fact that they are next to impossible to shoot, due to their high ping.Desync itself is still a major issue, with major rubberbanding, hit registration and a plethora of other issues still plaguing this game. A recent example of this would be when I unloaded 20 bullets from a Scar-L, point blank into an enemies chest, only for them to soak it up, turn around and drop me in two shots. The death cam registered three bullets hitting him. THREE. There was more than three blood sprays shooting from his body, so my client registered that bullets had hit, but the server did not. I was on an EU server, with 40 ping. This again ties in to my earlier point regarding movement. While the movement is pretty solid, the fact that the desync, coupled with the games rubberbanding issues are still present. Movement is more often than not a challenge. When your game struggles to handle something as basic as movement fluidly. We got a problem.These issues, while major, could be overlooked to a certain extent if the game remained in early access. This is where one of my main gripes remains. This is sold to the end user as a finished product. A game rampant with hackers, lag issues, server desync, and basic hit registration issues, is not only being sold as a full game, but is also touted as 'eSports ready'. A game in which the chances of you actually hitting someone seem all but randomized, is considered 'eSports ready'.However, none of my complaints matter at the end of the day. I bought the game, PUBG Corp/Bluehole made their money, and that's all that counts at the end of the day.Do I recommend this game? Sure, I guess I do, winning in this game is a sheer adrenaline rush. It's unlike any other game I've ever played. Do I think you should buy this game? No. Not until this is a stable product, that has a handle on the hackers, has fixed the issues with servers, and has restricted access from players from a high ping locale.TL:DR This game is good, but it's also trash. Play Fortnite instead, that actually works.EDIT: To those thinking that my comment about playing Fortnite was real, it wasn't. I was being facetious, if anything it's worse than pubg, considerably so. I was just making a joke about how bad PUBG can be. Chill with the salt boys.			
Posted: March 9	18	245	None	2	81.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 16
												I go back and forth so much on this game, but ultimately I don't think it's polished or competitive. It's not a game of skill and thought. It's "Who has the best rig" vs. "Who can anticipate the lagginess of the game".It's not polished. It takes a tremendous machine just to make the game playable at all. And it's not stable, it'll kick you out in the middle of a game without warning. The only real enjoyment I get is from playing with friends. If you don't have someone who specifically wants to play the game with you you aren't going to have a good time. You'll run around for 20 minutes collecting loot for the person who kills you without you seeing them. It's not a game in the sense that you want to win. The goal is to ruin someone else's game. Because every kill is a frustration for someone, every death is a chore of "well, now I have to do all that♥♥♥♥♥♥again."The real game is the last 10 people. Everything else is just random time filler where you probably won't see anyone. You're just running in an emtpy field looking for the one (of a dozen) weapons that you can win with. And ultimately, I just can't reccomend the game. It's too unrefined, it's too frustrating to play, and the only payoff is the knowledge that you ruined someone else's night.			
Posted: March 9	9	144	None	2	77.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								PROS:  REALLY fun. Huge variety or weapons and attachements (for a game in this genre) Perfectly sized map Squad/duo play is amazing and overall very tactical Mappable controls! (severely understated in most games) Great server loactions (Asia, NA, South America, EU and OCE) Devs keep the community informed! MORE DEVS SHOULD DO THIS!!!CONS:  Can be laggy/FPS drops at times (not often though) Is a resource heavy game, not all PCs will run it. (Currently being optimised according to devs)Overall, very fun and worth the extra money compared to other games in the genre. It isn't "cartoony" at all and is a serious contender on Steam. The hype was a good thing, not overly hyped and well deserved from playing it so far.Although the servers need optimising, I'll be spending many more hours playing this, because the developers actually care.			
Posted: March 9	1	19	None	2	503.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 6
												This game used to be enjoyable, even with its odd physics glitches and other minor bugs. But as of recent, every game that I enter seems to have hackers or extremely bad lag, both server side and player side. Micro-stutters caused by lag, rubber banding, getting stuck from lag, etc.This game needs to be region locked so we lose all of the Chinese hackers that appear to be flooding servers. I can't even play a game on Erangel without getting headshot from across the map through a mountain via hipfire, and reporting doesn't appear to really matter either.			
Posted: March 9	5	43	None	2	33.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
												Steam needs better early access refund policies.			
Posted: March 9	1	62	None	2	386.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Killing a streamer gets you banned for stream sniping.Driving by a streamer and honking your horn will get you banned for harassment.Instead of optimising the game they are focused on adding new cosmetics - and soon to be weapon skins (apparently).Microtransactions were promised to NOT being included before release - guess what we got.The developers are going in the wrong direction with how they're handling the game.			
Posted: March 9	36	583	None	2	928.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												This is one of the best games out there but also the worst. Its about time i give my review on this game. This game has left early access but has still not been well optimized. Bluehole is supposed to keep the cheaters and hackers away but every damn game u would end up dieing to a cheater or hacker who shoots through walls miles away , aimbots etc. I do love the game but i hate it the same time. Instead of fixing these issues they keep giving out new crates and weapon skin where some u need to buy keys to open crates. Arnt the developers happy with the amount they have made already  ? They seem to be greedy for more money rather than fixing the above issues. Get the issues fixed and i would be the first to update my review.			
Posted: March 9	29	260	None	2	389.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 7
												I really want to like this game.  I really do, but it's just not good, especially compared to other BR options, it's just not worth the money.  The game had so much potential, but the devs screwed it up.  I gave this game so many chances, and then they add $10 battle pass thing.  It's stupid.  I already paid $30 dollars for your poorly optimized buggy game, and then instead of fixing it you add something that should be free and charge $10 for it.  The netcode is absolute garbage, on my screen I can shoot a guy in the face 10 times and server side he won't take damage.  The countless bugs can be annoying or game-breaking, making you lose to something that isn't your fault.  The game can be fun, but most of the time it isn't.  I really wanted this to be a good game, I was a huge fan for a long while, but it's just not good.  Spend your money elsewhere.			
Posted: October 25, 2017	43	814	None	97	1,014.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
												Can't Recommend this game right now. Hackers are infesting the servers and Bluehole is doing nothing about it. They claim to be banning a ton of accounts, but every leaderboard is still filled with hackers. If  you enjoy being killed by someone you can't see or hear, buy this game.Edit: I have been running into less and less hackers, which is nice. The client side hit detection, server lag, and lack of executable timeline still bothers me and makes me not want to recommend the game. However, it is alot of fun.Edit 2: Great new release. The gameplay is fun, smooth, different and enjoyable. Feels almost like a brand new game. Thank god they added the deathcam so I can now at least feel validated when I am killed by a hacker. Still hacks on hacks, cannot recommend until they region lock.Edit 3: Still winning games. The new map is so fun, I am having a blast. Yet... Still. STILL. Running into a hacker at least every 2 games. Bluehole won't region lock because China is big money. Sooooooooooo with no solution in sight, why recommend this game? Hardly matters with how many chinese accounts there are...Edit 4: I now exclusively play First Person because of the hacking issue. This has been a decent temporary fix. However, still no region lock, still no server side hit detection, and still high ping desync issues. They have now made hundreds of millions of dollars but no long term solution in sight.Edit 5: Never have I played a game that has received this much money, support, and recognition from its player base. Never have I played a game that continually had issues with hackers, server stability and desync killings.Edit 6: This is what I now think of this game almost 1 year later.First off, YOU LITERALLY ARE DOING NOTHING WITH A 5 HOUR UPDATE. Second, I love the road map to a bug free experience. Did you decide to drop that just like you dropped the source code for Tencent to make and sell hacks on the side? Did you drop the road map like the pro players who were dropped from the game in YOUR BIGGEST LIVE COMPETITION OF THE YEAR? Or perhaps did you drop the road map like how every executive decision seems to come from someone who was DROPPED ON THEIR HEAD AS A BABY.This is the best competitive team based FPS I have ever played, and Bluehole could literally care less about their player-base. You are sh*tting all over your playerbase who would leave IN A HEARTBEAT for the same game with simply improvements. 5 HOUR UPDATE TO ADD WEAPON SKINS BECAUSE YOU HAVEN'T MADE ENOUGH MONEY YET? This company, this experience, is going down in the history books as a prime example of what happens when a company takes a billion dollar idea, and strips it down for millions of dollars instead. I hope that my children will read about the absolutely sh*tshow that is Bluehole, the absolute lack of care towards their product, and the fiery destructive downfall when ANYBODY releases a similar game. I'm talking about a realistic battle-royal FPS for anyone telling me to play fortnite or COD.Honestly, I once sh*t myself in public in front of my crush, and that level of public humiliation is a drop in the bucket compared to the FARCE that is the state of this game.  Not only have you been sh* tting all over the code, all over the playerbase, all over our wallets, Bluehole has also been sh*tting in the mouths of every single loyal player. 760,000 reviews and you haven't taken a hint. 13000 mostly negative reviews in the past month, and you push out a SKIN DLC 5 HOUR UPDATE.At this point, I cannot even liken you to taking a dump all over this loyal playerbase. It is more like Bluehole is a drug-pusher, PUBG is the product, AND YOU KEEP CUTTING IT WITH CRAP. KEYS, CRATES, PURCHASABLE COSMETIC ITEMS. Be honest, did EA come over and train your whole executive team on how to bend the playerbase over and absolutely PLOW us through our wallets? I can only surmise the pure evil that this company embodies has come from an outside source. I pray that every executive at Bluehole is put in a plane that crash lands on a deserted Island where you are forced to fight over resources "Hunger Games" style.You have become the embodiment of all that is wrong with politics. The deceit, the lack of solutions, the corruption, the CEO making 13 million dollars from a drug that is pushed onto teenagers and internet cafes. You have transcended Hitler and Nazi Germany, Stalin and communist Russia, and Trump as the most despicable pieces of sh*t ever.			
Posted: October 25, 2017	2034	2040	None	97	783.6	Recommended	
Posted: May 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								1. Join a match.  2. Die to a camper behind the tree. 3. Think about meaning of life4. ♥♥♥♥ it lets play another match 5. Oh its 5am already			
Posted: October 25, 2017	7	51	None	97	38.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												should we fix the game? nahh just put in some crates			
Posted: October 25, 2017	4	177	None	97	230.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is fun as hell. Finally a good battle royal game. Only complaint would be the performance. The game will still need better optimization.			
Posted: October 25, 2017	20	186	None	97	1,381.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
												Lag battleground and hacker battleground.stupid china players			
Posted: October 25, 2017	31	414	None	97	745.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 19
												Had a bit of time in the game now so I feel semi-qualified to rate it.The gameplay loop and idea is fun, the execution unfortunately is not and in its current state I can't recommend you get into it if you haven't already. Yeah the rush of an end game kill and chicken dinner is fun, and the gun battles (when they aren't bugging, glitching or full of hackers) can be pretty good, map design, graphics and sounds are all average to poor. Where it really starts to go bad is in the technical aspects. The game is an absolute mess, patches break things that were already fixed and version control appears to not exist, performance zig-zags up and down depending on dozens of unknown factors (time of day, is this a "good" or "bad" patch, are the servers trash today or somehow stable, are people lagging or desyncing all over for the first 5 minutes, the most important and dangerous part of the game until the end) even my brand new i7 8700k, GTX 1080, and 16 gb ram randomly has what appear to be framerate lag issues for no reason on a brand new fresh install of windows 10 on an SSD. Meanwhile the developers work to add the next loot box or skin, trying desperately to squeeze every last drop of blood they can before the playbase disappears due to rage/burnout from the endless issues or newer better battle royale games ecplipse and destroy PUBG.Prepare to hit invisible stuff in your car and explode, spray down enemies and never do damage, hackers to blast your head off from 400 metres away when you peaked for a less than 0.1 seconds, watch in shock and awe as your character dies seconds after rounding a corner to safety as your lag ghost gets gunned down by an enemy who could see you for extra seconds due to desync. Enjoy fun games like loot loading in after you have already run through a room giving the guy who landed seconds AFTER you a free AK47 at point blank range while you stand in amazement with a pack of bandages and a backpack as your only items, or maybe the AK DOES actually spawn but you mash "F" to pick it up 28 times without being able to grab it and your enemy leasurely blows you away with a hand loaded revolver he managed to pick up 8 seconds ago. Prepare to fire into the walls or roof at random when your character decides to raise his weapon or unload a mag into the windowframe because of the "sweet" realistic gun barrel detection. All the while new skins and packs are added by the listless developer in a desperate attempt to cash in on fanboys and kids who have free access to daddy and mommy's credit card and promises fixes which haven't come for literally years (bugs from early alpha are still in the game unfixed) Don't take my word for it though, there are streamers with 30 times the playtime I have that have endlessly documented the sad state of the game in video format.Yes the game can be fun, yes I still play (i've invested a lot of time and its a game me and my friends all can just go and chill and play) but recommend, no I can't do that, the game is a disaster and if past attempts are any indication it will probably continue to be so indefinitely. Maybe some day the devs will use the millions upon millions of dollars earned by this monstrosity to actual make an enjoyable game that will be played for years or decades and become a classic FPS like CSGO or Rainbow 6 Seige but my hopes aren't that high based on the past track record.All in all I can't recommend it at this time, with a lot of work and effort this could be a great game, maybe even one of the greatest, but its still so far from that state and I sadly must question if getting it to that place is even that high of a priority due to recent DLC like the battlepass and constant adding of new content when so much of the game is in desperate need of repair. Just fix the game already.			
Posted: October 25, 2017	10	88	None	97	238.2	Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: October 25, 2017	17	399	None	97	306.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Performance needs to improve, but otherwise a great game!			
Posted: October 25, 2017	138	407	None	97	665.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								Winning 1 out of 100 Has never felt so good.			
Posted: October 25, 2017	1	18	None	97	2,745.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Gameplay wise, it's an excellent game. Competitively it is garbage, many optimization/lag/server issues. Leaderboards are all hackers, at high ratings every game has 2-3 cheaters on NA and Asia servers, and they don't get banned for weeks; some of them don't get banned at all. This is only including the blatant aimhackers, who knows how many are cautiously using wallhacks. If you're looking to casually play once or twice a week, great game. If you're looking to play seriously and competitively, avoid this game for another few years			
Posted: October 13, 2017	1	18	None	51	2,745.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Gameplay wise, it's an excellent game. Competitively it is garbage, many optimization/lag/server issues. Leaderboards are all hackers, at high ratings every game has 2-3 cheaters on NA and Asia servers, and they don't get banned for weeks; some of them don't get banned at all. This is only including the blatant aimhackers, who knows how many are cautiously using wallhacks. If you're looking to casually play once or twice a week, great game. If you're looking to play seriously and competitively, avoid this game for another few years			
Posted: October 13, 2017	0	18	None	51	221.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
												The hacking needs to stop, region lock is also a must!			
Posted: October 13, 2017	122	1056	None	51	415.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22
												Region Lock ChinaRegion Lock China			
Posted: October 13, 2017	1	59	None	51	525.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								I like this game, the idea is amazing and devs are adding new features every day, but please do something about the hackers on Australian servers. 2 months ago I was unlikely to see one hacker out of 100 games. Right now every second game there is a hacker on the Australian server. Mostly with chinese sounding usernames. Devs please do something, it is ruining the game.			
Posted: October 13, 2017	41	433	None	51	665.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19
												PUBG Corp initiated their "Fix PUBG" development sprint in early August and ended it with great fanfare in mid November. By mid September, the game was no longer competitively playable for me due to problems with UI transition frame latency. I would love to help debug this, but PUBG support's job description appears to be "annoy anyone who would try to report bugs with insane claims and demands until they go away". Support are absolutely fantastic at their jobs.Additionally, the game will kick me for using any of the following:* GPU power management software* Twitch chat software* A web browser* VOIP software* Stream management software* Clock software* Any form of authentication agent* Any music software* Any video software* Any other game (such as while waiting fifteen minutes for a lobby)The end result is that this game is essentially unstreamable for me.Not that it was ever stable for me to begin with; I am reasonably certain the game has crashed and quit on me more than twice for each hour I have played it.This was a nice game in terms of design. It's a pity the technical and business side makes me regret purchasing it.			
Posted: October 13, 2017	132	4311	None	51	187.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 12, 2017
												The good:- First person only mode (I don't like 3rd person shooters)- Matchmaking is instant, 100-player games fill in seconds- Being able to trade or sell loot boxes on steam market- Updates are constantly fixing and improving things- Vehicles have been significantly improved since early access- Playing with friends makes it much more tollerableThe bad:- There's still many game-breaking bugs (like buildings not loading)- Gunplay feels terrible and inconsistent compared to many shooters- There is a lot of downtime where you're looting items or travelling- Netcode and hit-detection aren't great, and I don't think they can ever completely fix that- Optimization is terrible, even above average PCs will struggle to maintain good FPS- Very questionable policies on banning players- Struggles to deal with the rampant cheaters and hackersThe verdict:- This is one of those games that feels like trash, but you put up with because it has some really good moments. There's a lot of downtime where you're just walking or looting, but each time you win a match it's fairly satisfying. Even after leaving early access and improving many aspects of the game it still feels very rough around the edges. PUBG is not a game I regret buying, but it's not a game I'd recommend to anyone unless they've got a group of friends to play with.			
Posted: October 13, 2017	15422	6969	None	51	1,028.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun and challenging for both you and your pc.			
Posted: October 13, 2017	16	444	None	51	323.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
												Pros:+ Lots of intense and heart pounding moments!!+ Kills are satisfying !! + Weapon variety & customization !!+ Random Weather !! (Hope they can add more. Snow, sandstorm, etc.)+ New Maps!+ Vaulting and Climbing!+ Weapon & Vehicle sounds are amazing!Cons:- Optimization.- Vehicles Physics.- Servers are sometimes laggy.- CheatersKeep up the awesome work :D8/10			
Posted: October 13, 2017	0	31	None	51	714.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												800 hours of playtime if you count test servers and experimental servers. Yes, I had 3 (three) PUBG clients in my steam bib at one point. I enjoyed the game and played it from EA release in 03/2017 until 03/2018 because for the last three months everything the devs have achieved has fallen apart:- Terrible performance, no improvement in the last 3 months- Same update release cycle, putting the updates on live servers after two days of testing ignoring negative feedback from the test servers- Basically no new content, no progression system- Removal of ping and region lock without further explanation- Broken matchmaking systemAnd if all of this wasn't enough they have just presented "their" newest idea: An event pass for 9,99 including some progression system/leveling and temporary (!) skins. Wow. Just wow. Bluehole and PUBG Corp have failed multiple times regarding PR and communication and making strange decisions ignoring their fanbase and this is a new low, even for their standards.   Don't get me wrong, I have paid 30€ and I had plenty of fun with friends and we had high hopes and were big supporters defending the game for over a year but enough is enough.			
Posted: October 13, 2017	1	31	None	51	207.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Game isn't as buggy as it used to be, nowhere near as fun either. - Oceanic FPP Solo match-making has been playing up for 2+ (Search 'Infinite Matchmaking bug OC FPP' for countless threads)      - The Lack of communication on the issue making it even more infuriating.- Cashing in your earned BP now supplies you with locked crates which can only be opened by purchasing keys. Why not make paid crates exactly that. Paid. Why take normal unpaid crates away from regular players, trying to force/guilt players into buying a key to unlock what is essentially useless crates in their inventory. Almost as bad as gambling. What a great incentive to pave children into a life of gambling and forking out their hard earned pocket money just to make a quick buck. - I would suggest not buying this game and saving your money for the next game that's worth it.  
Posted: June 21	0	31	None	233	714.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												800 hours of playtime if you count test servers and experimental servers. Yes, I had 3 (three) PUBG clients in my steam bib at one point. I enjoyed the game and played it from EA release in 03/2017 until 03/2018 because for the last three months everything the devs have achieved has fallen apart:- Terrible performance, no improvement in the last 3 months- Same update release cycle, putting the updates on live servers after two days of testing ignoring negative feedback from the test servers- Basically no new content, no progression system- Removal of ping and region lock without further explanation- Broken matchmaking systemAnd if all of this wasn't enough they have just presented "their" newest idea: An event pass for 9,99 including some progression system/leveling and temporary (!) skins. Wow. Just wow. Bluehole and PUBG Corp have failed multiple times regarding PR and communication and making strange decisions ignoring their fanbase and this is a new low, even for their standards.   Don't get me wrong, I have paid 30€ and I had plenty of fun with friends and we had high hopes and were big supporters defending the game for over a year but enough is enough.			
Posted: June 21	1	31	None	233	207.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Game isn't as buggy as it used to be, nowhere near as fun either. - Oceanic FPP Solo match-making has been playing up for 2+ (Search 'Infinite Matchmaking bug OC FPP' for countless threads)      - The Lack of communication on the issue making it even more infuriating.- Cashing in your earned BP now supplies you with locked crates which can only be opened by purchasing keys. Why not make paid crates exactly that. Paid. Why take normal unpaid crates away from regular players, trying to force/guilt players into buying a key to unlock what is essentially useless crates in their inventory. Almost as bad as gambling. What a great incentive to pave children into a life of gambling and forking out their hard earned pocket money just to make a quick buck. - I would suggest not buying this game and saving your money for the next game that's worth it.  
Posted: June 21	407	2552	None	233	334.5	Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Better than H1Z1			
Posted: June 21	122	417	None	233	254.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								i got banned for "stream sniping"			
Posted: June 21	3	66	None	233	286.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												After making almost a billion dollars made on PC alone, PUBG Corp still cannot get an update correct. The game is filles with hackers, glitches that almost always lead to your death, and literally unplayable updates.			
Posted: June 21	374	1607	None	233	278.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 26
												===[ ❤ Player Bases: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Pro players☑ Hackers===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☐ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]===☑ Full price☐ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it☐ Free===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium☑ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]===☐ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Bugs destroying the game☑ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]===Multiplayer: YESSingleplayer: NOVery Steady Developement and growing playerbase.Probably one of the most successful early access games out there on steam.Constant updates and bug fixes too!Can be somewhat demanding for the pc depending on the settings used.It's by far one of my favorite survival games. It has really come a long way.#REGIONLOCKCHINA +1			
Posted: June 21	0	17	None	233	662.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game suffers from a myriad of very serious performance issues.  If someone at Unreal didnt warn bluehole that 100 people in this engine was insane, they should have. Also, I think before they started asking for money for this game maybe they should have reached out to the engine provider and tried to work out those issues, and if necessary scaled back the amount of players to a reasonable amount. (seems they are now in a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥contest with Unreal....again, triggered and stupid response to someone making a better version of your game mode)Because so many have purchased this game early and suffered all the seriously unnecessary performance issues, I think they will find that it will more then likely die quickly if their response to issues doesnt match its meteoric rise.  And from what I have seen, I dont see this getting worked out.  Maybe Mr Greene should have went with a known quantity and not some wanna be dev house like bluehole. Dont get me wrong, the game has a lot of potential, but just like most indie-mod gone pro games, their lack of pro dev experience is showing.  Both with how they handle the public, and their users. Someone will make a game just like this minus the performance issues and PU will just be a foot note.  No one remembers who was first, just who was best.			
Posted: June 21	2	17	None	233	443.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Killed by hackers 9 games in a row now.			
Posted: June 21	0	17	None	233	500.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												How dare you take the early access tag off of this unstable nightmare of a video game.Edit: Fix PUBG was a total failure and the fact that they have ended it shows how little they care about us.			
Posted: June 21	1	39	None	233	411.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												Very unstable and slowly responding game !			
Posted: June 20	1	43	None	327	82.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												For me at least the game is terrible, I really enjoyed it when it came out but I disliked the way development was going for this game.			
Posted: June 20	59	511	None	327	564.2	Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME YOU BLUEHOLE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GET YOUR SERVERS IN CHECK REGION LOCK CHINA AND STOP BEING SO ♥♥♥♥ING GREEDY YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S			
Posted: June 20	0	21	None	327	175.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												This game has gone to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥  Game has become infested with hackers every game atleast 3 hackers in the lobby.  The battleye is a complete joke.  Please fix your game.			
Posted: June 20	28	359	None	327	147.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played the beta for 33 hours. Coming from H1Z1 this is going to feel like jumping from the 2000's to current games in 2017. Dev's are constantly patching and working on the game and not just trying to create more and more over priced cosmetic loot crates.			
Posted: June 20	2	38	None	327	260.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												Totall unplayable after new update.... It makes me feel sick with the frame rate drop.			
Posted: June 20	1	25	None	327	791.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												After tencent gained publishing rights to distribute PUBG in China, the game is in unplayable state. Will update later if anything new happens.Tencent is distributing the keys to internet caffe dirt cheap. Rather then using them, they do blackmarket selling for 2$ to players who then create tons of steam accounts and validate them with virtual phone numbers and wait 15 days till they arent trade banned. Then those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s swarming pubg with cheats to farm BP for crates that are then sold for paypal money. Just based on this they can make lots of money and the whole game is totally filled with chinese cheaters even on EU/NA servers. Every 2nd game I encounter a cheater or a macro user.Just dont buy this game until this is solved. Screw u tencent and go to hell.			
Posted: June 20	2	25	None	327	73.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												well do you want to know why this is most played game in steam but has mixed reviews?well...THIS GAME IS FILLED WITH HACKERS, LITERALLYdevs bans the hackers but not the hack, so people just buy and buy the game countless of timeshere is an example of people using the hack, pretty much like counter strike (wall hack, aim hack)https://youtu.be/gNABjpDxwmo 
Posted: June 20	30	350	None	327	979.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 25
												WTF?INSTEAD OF FIXING THIS GAME YOU ADD ANOTHER PAID SKINS ?Seriously what the hell ... You have game, that has potential, is still (somehow) popular, but you are trying to bury it into really deep grave. It looks like goldmine for you for now. You made   SO MUCH MONEY   on this game, but you want more. More and more. But without shroud, doc and many more streamers, you'll be fked up. But you are :still not able to  UPGRADE  your servers into at least 64tickstill not able  OPTIMIZE this game into playable, not-constantly-lagging, cheater-free game still pushing into game new skins (cause moneeey, you love them, everybody does)lying - you said there'll be no DLCs .. aaaand here we go: Sanhok pass (yeah, i bought it .. idiot), also "no microtransactions until 1.0" .. Well, they were there before 1.0constantly ignoring what community actually wants - game that run smoothly, even with lowest requirements, that are written on STEAM - which is unreal.And there is so much more, but now I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, so I can't even write every single thing, that irritate me and many other players. For those who have gotten here, pls write down everything, that is irritating you on this game, so they'll have written EVERYTHING, that they screwed up and still didn't fix *Sry for my Englando, I'm not native speaker*			
Posted: June 20	22	42	None	327	322.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5
												Decided to get on the game after a while, just to see what it’s like. Play one squads match and my teammate gets killed by my other teammate, so I down the guy who killed him, get killed by his friend, leave the game, play a solo match for 5 min and get permabanned. 10/10			
Posted: June 20	8	106	None	327	120.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												#RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina			
Posted: January 8	0	29	None	4,159	51.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												I find it hard to write an honest review about this Battle Royale game.This because it's hard to look pass the developers their actions.This over hyped game is run by hypocritical developers.The way they treat people disgusts me.Acting like they came up with this kind of game disgusts me even more.Because in fact they are far from original!H1Z1 was a failure and i was excited about PUBG at first.As soon as they became successful they inserted Micro-transactions, Crates and advertisements.This while being in early access and promising not to do so.You can see how greedy they have become with this game.I was curious if the game would go on sale this big steam winter sale. Of course they didn't!The game is buggy, Personally I could often see through the buildings.Nice cheating without actual cheats. -.-The sounds are horrible.The movements are wonky.The weapons are crap.Many cheaters.People randomly getting banned for absurd reasons.Laggy servers... I can go on and on about why I think this game sucks!I don't understand why it's so popular and I can't wait till the game dies completely.Sorry, but I don't have much  positive to say about this game.The only thing I like about it is that it's an easy game to play with friends.You don't have a rank that you can loose.			
Posted: January 8	0	16	None	4,159	604.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ 
Posted: January 8	82	2014	None	4,159	160.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is quite fun, especially when playing with a friend, or friends. Yes; the game can be boring if you are new and don't know good spots to drop at. The constant 'loot then die' experience is definetely something I feel the Devs should work on by adding new game modes, and allowing FULL custom game sandbox configuration.The reason I have to give this game a negative review is because of the poor business practices of the developers. People are getting unfairly banned because whiney streamers call anyone who kills them a "stream-sniper." While stream sniping can be a huge issue and ruin a players experience; a majority of the time it's just the streamer saying♥♥♥♥♥♥to not look bad. When the developers want to grow a spine and stop catering to streamers who put themselves in a vulnerable position; I will change this review.			
Posted: January 8	62	62	None	4,159	1,521.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												PLAYER UNKNOWN "Alright guys whats on the agenda for this months update"BLUEHOLE DEVS "Well for starters we were thinking of ignoring the immense amouts of lag and desync as well the insane packet loss, horrible hit detection and sub par server tick rate"PLAYER UNKNOWN "Yep, yep sounds good so far"BLUEHOLE DEVS "Then, and this is going to blow your socks off"PLAYER UNKNOWN "I'm listening"BLUEHOLE DEVS "More overpriced loot crates - BAM"PLAYER UNKNOWN "Genius.......revolutionary"PLAYER UNKOWN "Alright roll it out and lets go get some lunch"			
Posted: January 8	0	20	None	4,159	27.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												A lot of the cheaters come from China. The Chinese are invaded the American servers and the company is calling us racist for it. Also the cash system is useless now considering that they did an update that now you have to buy keys in order to unlock your loot box. Yes, that's right. Now you have to buy real money for virtual keys to unlock your loot boxes when before all you had to do was earn them. Now you have to earn them and pay real money to open them. What I really hate is the lack of optimization and lack of development. This game has sold over 20 million copies. What are they doing with that money? Suing Fortnight for stealing the idea. First of all, this game was inspired by Battle Royale and this is also a genre for the type of gameplay. The devs have no copyright over a genre. I only play this game with friends. I dont play with strangers because you cannot trust them. In it's current state, it's a 6/10 for me.			
Posted: January 8	0	20	None	4,159	189.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19
												PLEASE ♥♥♥♥ING REGION LOCK CHINA. This would be a very good game if it wasnt for the fact that 7 out of every 10 games you play you come across a Chinese hacker. One country is literally ruining the game for everyone else and Blue Hole doesn't seem to care.			
Posted: January 8	127	4391	None	4,159	46.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												If I wanted to be killed over and over by something I can't even see I'd take the batterys out my carbon monoxide alarm.			
Posted: January 8	66	1822	None	4,159	956.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								GAME IS AMAZING. MICROTRANSACTIONS AND BEING BANNED FOR HONKING A HORN = STUPID. WE PAY FOR EARLY ACCESS... AND YOU STATE THAT "game is not finished. current gameplay and bugs do not affect the end result" YET SOMEONE IS  BEING BANNED BECAUSE YOUR GAME IS BROKEN AND THEY WERE ABLE TO GET "UNDER THE MAP". THIS COMPANY HAD GOOD INTENTIONS AND THEN SAW HOW MUCH OF A CASH COW IT WAS AND GOT BLINDED. ♥♥♥♥ MICROTRANSACTIONS. AND FIX YOUR GAME BEFORE BANNING PEOPLE WHO ACCIDENTLY FIND BUGS.			
Posted: January 8	17	537	None	4,159	931.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												so many bugs for 1.0			
Posted: January 8	2	28	None	4,159	464.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								I used to trust the devs.But1) they announced micro transactions while in the FAQ they promised there will be no micro transactions during early access.2) they're saying their main focus is the optimisation of the game, but they spend money and time creating skins and cosmetics.So, I now believe that mid-end computer guys like me will never be able to truly enjoy the game ever. and that the development of the game is going downhill. It could have been good, but it will only be another story like DayZ, infestation WarZ and H1Z1.Farewell !			
Posted: June 20	0	28	None	113	104.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												A good game plagued by awful developers (Blueballs) that are prioritizing lawsuits, lootboxes, and esports (for a battle royale game?) rather than improvement of the game itself.Seriously, save yourself the money and just play Fortnite instead. I used to think Fortnite was a garbage kid's game and PUBG was far superior, but actions by the devs (or lack thereof on Bluehole's part) shows that Epic cares about you as a consumer, and Bluehole is just looking to make a quick buck at the expense of their playerbase. There's a reason Fortnite overtook PUBG's throne, and it's not because Fortnite is free.Bluehole is truly incompetent.			
Posted: June 20	1392	7010	None	113	191.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Developments since release>Kill streamer Get banned>honk at a streamerGet banned>you like free cosmetics ?Now pay for them>performanceStill sh^t>servermega sh^t			
Posted: June 20	11	77	None	113	341.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█also fix your clientside bs and make the bullets rego			
Posted: June 20	2	44	None	113	123.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								when you make over $100,000,000 and then implement microtransactions			
Posted: June 20	410	2113	None	113	1,056.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												Have you ever wanted to play a game that has all the problems of an early access game with it no longer being an early access game? LOOK NO FURTHER THAN THIS!I've played this game for a long time in early access and it has been a lot of fun. In early access it can be sometimes even funny to have stupid bugs and laggy servers that crash occasionally; it's all part of the deal essentially. BUT IF YOU FUKKEN RELEASE A GAME, REMOVING IT FROM EARLY ACCESS PURGATORY, IT SHOULD FUKKEN WORK AT THAT POINT! This game does not.			
Posted: June 20	2	56	None	113	202.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Used to love this game to death and it was the main reason, I built a PC. This game is a dissapointment now and the devs held the number one spot for BR games, but lost it to Fortnite, rightfully so as they improve and update the game every 2 weeks. This game is dying and if you buy it now, you'll have fun for a couple hours, then get dissapointed as this game is getting skull♥♥♥♥ed by stupid devs who worry more about crates then adding features for this game. Pass on this game, sadly.			
Posted: June 20	61	420	None	113	967.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17
												Too many hackers are destroying this game.			
Posted: June 20	4	100	None	113	124.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 30
												PUBG started off as an enjoyable, yet glitchy, experience. Novel in its approach, PUBG allowed people to enjoy the game in a few different ways until the matches reached their apex of tension with the ever shrinking circle of death. In the end, only one person could survive, being crowned with the phrase "WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER!". But, for all of the novelty of this game the actual fun of the game quickly decreased only to be replaced with the frustration of a buggy system, a increasing amount of cheaters, and a cash grab for cosmetics. Having reached over 50 million sales, it is quite amazing that BlueHole would have felt the necessity to institute a pay for cosmetics out of loot crates that you earn from playing the game. What is the point of playing, when only one person can win a game, if the rewards can only be unlocked with real cash? It's certainly not because the game play is top notch.I would have recommended this game, earlier, had they not instituted a pay-to-unlock-rewards policy. Instead of working on a flawed reward system it makes sense that they would have focused on working out the bugs and decreasing cheaters so that the game remains an enjoyable experience. For all of their statements about working out their kinks and combatting a slew of cheating programs, they've accomplished very little actual progress in regards to those goals. Every patch seems to introduce a new level of bugs while hindering performance in some way. These performance drops being explained away as anti-cheat software negatively impacting performance actually show no signs of slowing down the cheaters. In the games before I stopped playing, I had so few matches end because I lost fairly and not because a cheater was shooting out of a car which was halfway across the map and getting headshots even though the player wasn't even aiming. PUBG has one good thing going for it, if not depressing in hindsight, that developers can publish an unpolished game and then reap the benifits of a flawed system that they have no intention of correcting because for every ban they hand out they then receive one more sale.Avoid this game and this developer.			
Posted: June 20	2	108	None	113	223.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								I'll preface this review by saying Battlegrounds by no means complete nor well-optimized in it's current state. However, that does not mean it is unenjoyable or unplayable. Despite my short amount of time in-game, I can confidently say is much better than it's counterpart, H1Z1 King of the Kill for a number of reasons:1. Its weapon variety is much healthier and (somewhat) balanced in customability, strengths and weaknesses (and will evidently grow in number).2. Some central mechanics of the game are much more realistic and less buggy in comparison to its counterpart (you can't jump out of cars that are flying at the speed of light and live; weapons actually hit where you aim, at least along the vertical axis - bullet drop is a thing!). 3. There are tons of servers already, and they are more often than not at least playable (I've only had one account of having to leave the game due to horrendous lag).4. Graphically, it's a beautiful game at its highest settings, although it is nearly impossible to play with said settings effectively due to poor optimization, and thus FPS issues/inconsistencies.5. The Steam Market already includes the game's in-game skins and items available to characters; another thing worth noting here is that it's relatively easy to earn "Reward Points" from simply playing the game. With this, you can gradually purchase crates which will randomly drop said skins.6. The game actually feels fun and fair to play. There are a minute number of instances that feel like I was killed due to poor game design or exploitations. Again, this game is by no means complete or the absolute best thing I've played thus far, but it's shaping up to be extremely promising. The Battle Royale in the Arma series were extremely fun, but just a little too slow-paced it seemed; H1Z1 had and has a number of problems that are fundamental to a game's success and playability; Battlegrounds appears to be setting a new standard in battle royale-type games.			
Posted: June 20	127	2839	None	113	12.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Biggest turn off for me is that to do well you have to crank the graphics way, way, way down. On a bunch of occassions I would be hiding motionless in tall grass or a super dark shaddow and someone 100m+ away would spot me and pick me off really quickly. It made me scratch my head since on my screen I was virtually invisible. I tried turning my settings down and then I realized on low settings the darkness contrast between shaddow and direct sunlight is near zero - about 90-95% of the foliage and grass disappears - character models are super distinct against in game objects - low render distance means that character models still render at max distance, but all of their visual cover disappears (you can literally look through trees, bushes, and grass. It's like having a wall hack turned on). In summation - it's a really cool game, but I am not interested in playing with potato quality graphics. I didn't buy a PC so I could play games that look worse than last gen consoles.			
Posted: June 23	1	19	None	81	520.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												It is extremely clear that the developers only care about making more money, even after you must purchase the game for $30.			
Posted: June 23	1	31	None	81	1,508.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2017
												I like this game but until they do somthing about the hackers im gonna keep it thumbs down.Edit. Man one year and I was so close to giving you guys a thumbs up but NOPE!! here come the hackers agian and your ban system HA! what a joke. You ban them but its not a perma ban its only a "temporary ban" ♥♥♥♥ OFF!!! why ban in the first place if your only gonna temporary ban them. I like this game but you guys are doing a ♥♥♥♥ing bad job.			
Posted: June 23	0	19	None	81	637.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												新地图和旧地图的平衡机制总体令人满意。 然而游戏外挂率实在过高。AS在1800分以上的局，2局碰到1个神仙。游戏体验令人甚是堪忧。建议引入审查员机制。The balancing of old map and new map is good which shows bluehole is putting work on absorbing players' concerns. However, there are just too many cheaters. Among 1800+ skill rating games in Asia server, I get to fight with cheaters once every two games. The gaming experience is too awful. I suggest to run a overwatch system like csgo allowing other players to examine players are cheaters or not.			
Posted: June 23	9	15	None	81	130.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
												Build the firewall, and make china pay for it.			
Posted: June 23	0	15	None	81	295.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 19
												Was fun in the beggining, but now they simply want to empty your wallet before the game dies completely.			
Posted: June 23	1	23	None	81	735.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												Bad review, the game is not bad, but there are too many cheating players. Blue hole company does not act, rely on the cheat player title to make money in buying a new account, but never able to solve the way to spread the cheat players. 1000 hours players gave up			
Posted: June 23	1	23	None	81	130.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												I used to love this game but now that they let all of the chinese players on the NA servers it has gone to crap. It takes me 20 minutes just to find any players in squad that speak english and its ridiculous... Either rstrict them to their chinese servers or make the rules of english only on english speaking servers... Its bad enough we have to deal with tons of people playing squads with no mics but thats not half as bad as listening to some jibberish.			
Posted: June 23	1	31	None	81	190.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2017
												Edit: This was written by the time the game hit 1.0, In the end of it there's a update for the actual instance of the game.Not 1.0Not ready for e-sports.Miramar is not ready.Balancing is a real issue.Hackers are a real issue.Nothing is really done.Most of the stuff is even barely doneVehicles are barely playable.Most of the art are still proxies.Buy it only after knowing what you're buying, Bluehole just released "1.0" so that they could sell more on XBOX and get more profits on christmas, but for real, 1.0 didn't make the game anything closer to 1.0 than it was before.Edit: Game is totally unplayable at some hours of the day, hours that chinese hackers overwhelm my server. Everyone you see getting kills is named something like ZhingZhong666, and when he kills you, you just notice the hack. I even have some video proof of my deathcams..Update for July, 02 2018:Bluehole had previously, in 2016 announced that the game wouldn't have any sorts of in-game purchases such as season passes, and right now, on the store, we see a season pass on sale.I haven't been playing myself, but accompanying streamers on it, and most of the issues I took notice before are still on the game, they do not want to fix anything at all, but keep adding manners to drag money for themselves. Really bad company with a really bad service, if you want to play good battle royale, look for any other that isn't PUBG, for real. it isn't worth it to give them any money at all.			
Posted: June 23	2	15	None	81	52.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24
												another game with great potential comes to waste in the hand of bad developer & publisher.seeking profit as high as you can is normal, but they are being too greedy and destroying the game.And please fix your game.one of the game breaking bug that i find really annoying is grass aren't being rendered if it's too far away..really dumb when you are hiding in the grass thinking you are safe, but then people with 4-8x scope can see you in crystal clear.srly?i wish you release a lootbox that can fix your bugs			
Posted: June 23	0	19	None	81	54.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												What gives that an unfinished, buggy mess of a game that costs 30 dollars has a more greedy and insulting in-game monetisation system than its free-to-play competitor?			
Posted: September 29, 2017	1	23	None	332	684.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
												CHINESE CHEATERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	5	27	None	332	105.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 5
												How the ♥♥♥♥ can you make 800 million and still not fix the damn game. With Rampant cheating and still include paid loot boxes with drop rates so goddamn low for its rarest items, that its more likely for me to have a stroke playing against chinese hackers lol			
Posted: September 29, 2017	3	23	None	332	1,051.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19
												With the removal of server select, Australians are now forced to play with 180+ ping on Asian servers since that where it auto matchmakes you to.It was once the best game out there, but with the 2 new maps both being absolute garbage it was only a matter of time before boredom kicked in. I would still play every so often if it weren't for the server issue since I still like the gameplay.Company seems too focused on growing in the Asian market and pumping out skins then actually listening to playerbase.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	435	5330	None	332	199.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								NOTE: This review was originally written before the in-game reporting system was in place.Decent game, however it's rampant with aimbotters just like every other FPS out there.  However, do NOT post about the lack of in-game reporting - You will be banned for doing so.(to confim and clarify, yes, this was me)The censorship has escalated, original screenshot was removed: http://prntscr.com/et11jlNew screenshot: http://prntscr.com/f3eyt2Additional Link: http://i.imgur.com/GivS964.pngEDIT: Yes,I still play because I love the concept of the game (and I'm already over the refund time limit), but hoping that they deal with the hackers instead of just sweeping the issue under the rug like they have been so far.EDIT 2: Since people have been "calling me out", no I have never stated or told anyone to not buy the game.  That's their decision.  It would be quite hypocritical to for me to promote a boycott when I still play the game myself despite this occurence of power abuse on the forums.  I just exposed the devs' power trip, nothing more.EDIT 3: A lot of people have been talking about how it was a steam moderator who banned me and nothing to do with the devs.  I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to set that record straight:http://prntscr.com/f3f1dv 
Posted: September 29, 2017	9	70	None	332	180.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 20
												“This kind of xenophobic attitude that a lot of Western players seem to have online is just disgraceful. It's 2017! We live on one big planet together! What the ♥♥♥♥? I'm quite ashamed of those players that shout these things out. We want to create a great space for everyone to enjoy across the globe and locking one region out ... I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ they’re thinking.” - GreeneYou are a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot...EDIT: I am neither for nor against region locking China. What i want to say though is that in my opinion Greene is a complete moron and i have no respect for him. He fails to realize that most of the people that are complaining about the Chinese playerbase, are not racists but just tired of dealing with cheaters and have valid points for asking to region lock China. Greene was the one who said that around 90% of the cheaters in this game are located in China. If it was the US that was causing 90% of the problem, people would ask to region lock the players located in the US from European servers and visa versa. Calling people xenophobic just because they are westerners when they have very valid points that have nothing to do with race is pretty racist in my opinion. What is really "disgraceful" Greene, is your greed and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ attitude.  You are making a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of money, use a tiny portion of it to figure out how to fix this issue instead of being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	28	249	None	332	209.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 7
												this game, frankly, is an absolute disaster from start to finish.To begin with, the core gameplay itself is still dominated by so many bugs, exploits and cheaters that it's difficult to actually tell if someone is cheating or if the game is just itself broken. Killcam weapons will snap to targets and be mysteriously absent of recoil. Players will know where you are through walls and floors. That kind of thing. The odds of fighting more than 2 or 3 groups before encountering a cheater or a could-be are so high that I don't think I can name a single time it's happened in my 200 hours of play. Ever.That's not to say cheating is the only technical problem. A year after the game left early access and it's still a technically unsound, bug-riddled MESS in every aspect, from gunplay to vehicles to animations. The game is an unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ a problem which has only gotten worse. I use an R9-380 and FX8320 with 16 gigs of ram, totalling out at a solid machine. Playing on the lowest dirt settings where the game looks like a mobile port. The loading screens still occasionally take longer than the opening lobbies or even the entire plane ride for dropping. Distance models are frequently present upon landing, and loot doesn't load in sometimes for more than 30 seconds after I hit the ground, but only for me or anyone else affected - if you're fortunate enough to load the game in time, you have full access!But of course, it's too limiting to say that the game's problems are limited to ONLY bugs, since there's also a slew of poor choices from PUBG corp to back up the idea. Why do players make less noise when they take their shoes off? Why are so many of the weapons noob traps? Why doesn't everyone spawn with a pistol? Why is this game so determined to be absolutely random in how it assigns weapons and gear?The microtransactions and loot boxes are not just unnecessary, not just added post launch, not just insulting as a concept and in their implementation into this mess of a game, but downright compromise any progression experience the game offers because of it. The loot boxes that this game added undermine the core experience so severely that if you are interested in playing more than a couple games, you're shelling out anywhere from 5-15$ a week to be able to purchase keys for the rewards that you EARNED, most of the drops are either disgustingly ugly or completely unnoticable.And none of this is even TOUCHING on the fundamental gameplay formula, which alternates between long periods of extensive all-encompassing boredom, and moments of life-or-death gameplay where if you were unfortunate enough to stop paying attention during that 10-minute run into the circle, you are killed instantly.If I could, I would go back and stop myself from ever buying a copy of this game, and put that money towards anything else on my wish list. I'd put it towards gas in my car, or a couple of pizzas. The idea of PUBG being so successful is so emblematic of the gaming industry as a whole - successful despite being fundamentally broken, unoriginal, not fun to play, and in return for making billions, the developers implemented wave after wave of loot boxes instead of fixing it.PUBG is fundamentally broken and anti-fun to play in every respect. If you read this, please, go buy something - literally anything - else instead.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	7	34	None	332	11.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												Do you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ performance and unoptimized games?Do you like predatory micro-transactions with items that takes 80 years[arstechnica.com]to earn?Do you like your game being filled with hackers and obnoxious, team killing, native speaking chinese players that have invaded both NA and EU servers?Do you like being called a "racist" by the developers for bringing up the previous issue?Then this game is for you!			
Posted: September 29, 2017	45	669	None	332	1,687.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												So, 1.0 is out and the game is lagging worse then ever at the start of the round, the most important part until the late circles.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	5	146	None	332	162.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26
												Not only has this game questionable gambling mechanics for cosmetic items (aka lootcrates), it's still a hot mess in terms of optimisation, bugs and netcode. This game should still be in early access but they rushed it out so they can release lootcrates without breaking their promise that they won't release lootcrates during early access.And now you also have to pay to play on custom servers, because "they can't provide free servers". So you're telling me, from the $700 million profit you made last year, you can't put even less than 1% of that into servers for custom game modes so everyone can play those? I call BS. Not to mention the fact this could be solved by letting us host our own servers on our PC or renting one, but instead you force it behind a paywall.The developers are milking as much money they can from this hot garbage before it finally starts to lose players to other (and better) BR games. Save your $30- and spend it on a game that actually has competent developers who care about it's playerbase.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	2	22	None	332	151.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2017
- review updated on June 2018 (3D sound update) - (updated part will be in strike or italic)1. GameplayYou drop from plane, loot weapons, kill anyone you see, last man standing win. The gameplay is good, better than other battle royale games. Very competitive, except if you face the enemy I list on no 4 below.2. Graphic and SoundSound was terrible at the early release, awful. But they start to improve it one by one, but for me, it's still below average, the 3D gun sound update is a welcomed addition, and for character sound instead of screaming in pain your character will make funny sound when get hurt. Graphic is, well even it is looks good even at low quality, but it is poorly less optimized. The color is somewhat dull.3. PerformanceUmm, I don't know. Still many some performance issue but overall it's way better than earlier early access era, and the server itself still lagging sometimes.4. The enemiesIn this game you will face many enemies, the main 4 enemies are:- Cheaters (yes still), - Lags (yes still),- Bugs (yes still), and- StreamersYou can't win or it's hard to win against them, with exception the streamers, if you kill them or honk near them 9/10 chance you will get banned. So pick your victim wisely, basically you'll need sixth sense or stream-but-not-snipe them to tell if they are streamers or not.5. BugsThis game feature so many game breaking bugs and glitches, some of them are:- Silent Buggy, you hit by a car that came without sound - fixed,- Render fail and walking and see through building (yes still),- Teleporting spot, send you to the sky or to the edge of the map (yes still),- Can walking inside some rock, wall, hay, or plane on military base and many walls on Miramar (yes still),- Bodies rendered to another place when driving vehicle, and if your another body killed you will die on that vehicle too,- Vehicle stuck on illogical spot and explode immediately (yes still),- Vehicle drop to "underworld" (yes still),- Stuck on sky while parachuting (yes still),- On squad, sometimes if you knocked out on a bike, you can still drive that bike while on dying position and it's impossible to revived,- Killer Lag, you literally killed after the server lag and get placed on 98th rank even there was like 30 players alive or even on top 10 before that lag kill you. (yes still)- and some more bugs6. VerdictI don't know if I can recommend this game or not, even this game reach version 1.0, it still have major problems. For me this game is still an old sh!t that just tweaked on some area and added more and more skins/cosmetics, no major bugs fixed, and still have a lot of cheaters. I will update this review if they fixed or improve things on future updates.			
Posted: September 28, 2017	372	5050	None	50	224.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								I BOUGHT THIS GAME FULL PRICE AND YOU GIVE ME IN GAME ADS!!!!!!! SHAME ON YOU BLUEHOLE!!!!For those who do not understand what I'm talking about, I'm a Chinese player and seemingly Bluehole get parterned up with some 'game accelerator' software and put an ad ON THE LOBBY SCREEN. (Basically a VPN software that makes you connect to the game faster)It says 'The only official accelerator of the game'..The ad appears only if you connect from China, so it wouldn't be a problem for players elsewhere, but why did Bluehole even approved this? They are already charging full price for an early access game and now they put ads in it. What kind of developer do this?----------------------------Oct.19--------------------------------UPDATE: Bluehole has ended the partnership with the accelerator software on Oct.5. The ad has been removed since then. Those who accuse me of spreading disinformation, check your sources.Okey, I never expected so many people would be reading this review. I think I should clearify a few things:1. There is no Chinese server. ever. Bluehole tells who is a 'Chinese' player based on his ip. As long as Bluehole saw you as 'Chinese', the ad showed up no matter which server you tried to connect to.(Again, the Ad has been removed so nobody is going to see it anymore)2. It's not all about the Ad, it's about their bussiness model. Instead of fixing their game and their servers, they are already thinking about ways to abuse their popularity for profit. Remember the time when they sold Gamescon Keys?3. What's the hate about? I am just a player who happens to be Chinese. I bought the game and I played fair, so I believe I have the right to complain. I don't want to mention the R word but please do not judge other people by on their nationality or ethnics. btw Bluehole is a Korean (which means, Asian) company.4. I admit 30$ is not a big price given most recent AAA games are selling at 60$ and many have all kinds of season pass & day one dlc & microtransactions kind of stuff. I wouldn't have any problems if they add microtransactions after the game is officially released. But in-game ads really grossed me out. Seriously. This is not a f2p game.Gameplay-wise I totally enjoyed the game, it's the quetionable decision of the developers that prompted me to write this review. The devs are incredible in making this game, but their recent decisions have got me questing their intentions.			
Posted: September 28, 2017	0	14	None	50	145.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2017
												Region lock required.			
Posted: September 28, 2017	0	14	None	50	51.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Really fun however the flaws and bugs are really visible. They should be focusing on fixing up all the issues of this majorly popular early access instead of already attempting to port it to consoles.			
Posted: September 28, 2017	0	14	None	50	287.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												CHEATERUKNOWNS'S BATTLEGROUNDS..i dont know how to call it anymore..i dont recommend this game to anyone.. back in the days this was the best game when just came out... but now every single game you come across WallHackers,SpeedHackers,Guys that shoot trought wall,Aimboters,Aimlockers,Laggers,Juggernauts etc..if this countinues .. like that.. this game will die... sadly.. but that's the truth..Fix this game or put some protection or anything... this game is really good nice graphics, really good shooting mehanics etc.. but there is atleast 5 cheaters every single game..Who want to hax.. and play against hackers just buy it.. but ♥♥♥♥ developers who just care about money.. not about game! enjoyWasted my money for 2 times.. lost 80€ already.. dont buy this			
Posted: September 28, 2017	8	14	None	50	974.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18
												I  enjoyed the game until the past few months. Great game overall. However, if I started smoking a pack of cheap♥♥♥♥♥menthols everyday 20  years ago when I was 5, I still would not have obtained not nearly half the amount of cancer this game has given me in the past 3 months. The damn Chinese are at it again. Every ♥♥♥♥ing game I encounter a Chinese magician from the movie "Wanted" who can defy the laws of physics by curving bullets,  an inventor of guns with no recoil, and even the fastest man alive himself, "Barry Alren". If you are interested in buying this game, I highly encourage that you spend your money elsewhere. Unless of course you like to die to rice eating commies without ever seeing them, maybe they acquired this tactic from the Viet Cong. AMERICA NUMBER ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!			
Posted: September 28, 2017	0	14	None	50	34.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2017
												Doesnt deserve a 1.0 yet.. Still way to buggy, to many cheaters and to much lag.. Also the Devs are more interested in selling you new Lootboxes instead of fixing the game. Cheaters wont get banned and hacks are normal in this game.. and no one cares.. Devs proudly announced that they banned 1.5 MIllion Account... which is A. not a lot for those sales numbers and B. doesnt solves it the issues.. Every Hacker buys a new account in seconds nowadays...“Battleye have already tweeted out that I think around 99 percent of cheats in the game right now are coming out of China,” said Brendan Greene, PUBG’s creative director, in an interview with Kotaku. - thegamer.com#RegionLockChina			
Posted: September 28, 2017	1	52	None	50	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								"It's early access, give them a break"No. What Bluehole is doing is flat-out not okay. PUBG started out great with fantastic and useful updates, but what Bluehole has turned it into is an enormous cash grab, using everything in their power to promote the game. Bluehole uses streamers to promote their game, to the point where if you kill a sniper, you get banned. If your game gets bugged and you can't generate structures, you're banned for being able to walk through walls. Bluehole cares more about banning those who play the game well than those who are actually hacking or abusing the system. Also, recently Bluehole has updated the game to include in-game ads. I paid $30 for a game under the impression that things like server lag, game breaking bugs, and hackers would be filtered out over time via consistent updates. What I was given by Bluehole are needless bans, in-game ads, and servers that continue to diminish in quality. Bluehole has had eight months to perform needed server updates, fix current server lag, and rectify major bugs. PUBG's main menu has an option to reload said menu, because Bluehole refuses to fix even minor bugs that ruin its functionality.Bluehole's business ventures are what would reflect that of a Pyramid Scheme if it was a fully finished game. I look forward to seeing how this game progresses, however if these updates continue in the way that they are, I can only say that this game and its developer will die as their beloved streamers become fed up with the quality of content release.Fix your game, Bluehole.			
Posted: September 28, 2017	0	14	None	50	413.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21
												I'm gonna join the rest of the community in giving this a thumbs down simply because of the latency between players when one of them has a higher ping than the other.I can NEVER solo queue the game modes Duo, or Squad, and get an English speaking teammate, even one. All of them are always Chinese, and all of them seem to have *NO* idea what push to talk is, and they all seem to have their entire families visiting and talking into the mic the *ENTIRE* game. It's actually pretty frustrating HAVING to queue solo unless I am playing with friends, simply because there is no teamwork involved with (most of) the Chinese community.There are the one in every thousand Chinese players that speak moderately decent english, and do try to help you out. And I feel for those players, but there needs to be something done about splitting the playerbase into their own servers. Apparently it's racist and Xenophobic to think this? Weird because in a lot of other games with multiple regions to queue, you are either locked to your own country's servers, or your ping is way too out of wack to even compete. But, in PUBG, your ping doesn't really affect you in a bad way, and it gives you a huge peekers advantage. Tired of shooting someone twice with a shotgun and getting blood splatters both times just to have him instantly kill me and live with full HP. Whether or not these are cheaters, it's no matter, it shouldn't happen.I get that there always will be interp problems and hitbox issues. CSGO has them, Smite has them, LOTS of games have minor interp problems where something will register on your side but not on the server side, but nothing is nearly as poor as PUBG's conistent hitbox problems.Xenophobic, racist, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Phobia, call it whatever you want, but there are MULTIPLE issues with players queueing on other servers just to get the peekers advantage. It isn't just "THE CHINESE CHEAT LOCK THEM", it's actually unbalancing the game.I love the game, I play it a lot. I only got it a few weeks ago and Im putting almost 80 hours a week into the game. But, when every two or three games I am either getting killed by a hacker, or trying to queue a game mode solo and getting absolutely no english speaking players *ALL DAY*, it can get really stale.			
Posted: September 28, 2017	2	33	None	50	58.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hey guys, turns out you can ban any player you want with no consequences quite easily! Want to know how? Just follow these easy steps!Step 1. Stream your game to Twitch, try to get almost no delay on your streamStep 2. Die to anyone in game, doesn't matter if you were out in the open firing gunshots or running in an open field.Step 3. Immediately accuse the person of stream sniping you, and once your lackeys start mass reporting them, they'll soon be banned, with almost no effort on your part!(Seriously though, stream sniping isn't real, dying quick is easy)			
Posted: September 28, 2017	4	33	None	50	98.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Region Lock pleaseLupeng, licjing and etc players should play where they belongUnplayable Solo nor Duo nor Squadthey insta heal insta reload insta revive and etcLiterally played 6 games as solo or 1 man squad and every time random 1km bullets hit yer nogginor be sneaky and get shoot trough the wall I guess at some point even VAC is better than this "battle eye" or maybe BH are too greedy to get updated version of BEYE and not use the Diablo 2 era version of it			
Posted: January 18	4	33	None	115	98.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Region Lock pleaseLupeng, licjing and etc players should play where they belongUnplayable Solo nor Duo nor Squadthey insta heal insta reload insta revive and etcLiterally played 6 games as solo or 1 man squad and every time random 1km bullets hit yer nogginor be sneaky and get shoot trough the wall I guess at some point even VAC is better than this "battle eye" or maybe BH are too greedy to get updated version of BEYE and not use the Diablo 2 era version of it			
Posted: January 18	21	139	None	115	788.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Full of cheaters because they won't block china regions on EU servers. 0 optymization a lot of bugs. Don't buy/play this game until they will block regions. EUROPE IS FOR EUROPEANS NOT FOR CHEATING♥♥♥♥♥♥ASIANS.▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█EDIT:08.02.2018They still trying to do good anty-cheat but with no effect. AIM lock, WH in every game and  only names like "xiaoliung", "ece138138","asd123123". There is one hope. JUST BLOCK ♥♥♥♥ING CHINA REGION. Don't play this game. Wait for region block.			
Posted: January 18	315	1081	None	115	333.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
												servers busyservers busyselect fpploot 15mindie to hackersservers busyservers busyservers busy			
Posted: January 18	2	29	None	115	71.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												Region lock China			
Posted: January 18	7	29	None	115	92.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 18	31	643	None	115	258.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Product received for free
												Note: I did get this game for free. I got it for free because I took part in the Pre-Alpha that happened (I think) in July of 2016. Getting the game for free doesn’t affect my review at all (it gets nit and gritty towards the end).---For those wondering, why is this so familiar?- Well, because the person behind this game is PLAYERUNKNOWN (as stated in the title of the game). It’s his standalone game. He first started his Battle Royale work in Arma 2/3 as Mods. Than Daybreak licensed Battle Royale gamemode from him and they implemented that his game mode in their game called ‘H1Z1,’ later on they saw the potential of Battle Royale and they split the game into 2 games with one game that only has the Battle Royale game mode called H1Z1.What does BATTLEGROUNDS (PUBG) feel like?- It’s a mixture of Arma 3 and H1Z1, but more or less it feels like Arma (but not clunky) since it’s not arcadey like H1Z1 and it actually takes skill to learn. It’s not just about getting kills. It’s about surviving. If you like tactical’ness, outsmarting your opponent, a non-clucky engine like Arma 3 and just an overall fun time. This is the game for you. In Arma 3, it’s slow pace and walking everywhere, sometimes taking a vehicle. In H1Z1, almost everyone is in a car and if you get near someone they jump out (while the car is going full speed) and they try to shoot you. In this game, it’s medium pace, the vehicles in BATTLEGROUNDS will get you killed if you randomly jump out to kill someone at full or half speed.In BATTLEGROUNDS, you have servers where you can go Solo or find a teammate(s) in Duo and SQUAD, just like in H1Z1. Unlike in H1Z1, but like in Arma 3, if you team in Solo servers you will get banned. PLAYERUNKNOWN promised that Mod support would be coming at official release. But, Mod support is nowhere to be found in 1.0. They stated that Mod support to the point where you can create your own Battle Royale game mode (and publish it to the Steam Workshop), host it (maybe rent a server like in the Battlefield series) and have your own community or group of friends play it. Weapon-wise, all these weapons don’t have predicable weapon recoil, they’re all different, as well with the bullet drop/travel. Attachments like forgrips, compensators and more all can decrease the recoil and change the final outcome of the game when it comes down to that 1v1 at the end. You can’t use 3rd person shooting all the time, it’s not accurate as 1st person shooting (like in H1Z1, both 1st and 2nd can be used at medium/long).As I mentioned in the beginning, getting the game for free doesn’t affect my review at all. But because this is a review, I have to be unbiased and review all aspects of the game, even the company behind the game. I give the score what I gave it because of one issue.  Due to the fact that the Community Manager/Community Team of the game, Sammie and FWG.[medium.com] They were very disrespectful, closed minded and banned me on many platforms to censor me. I would have given this game a 9/10 if this situation didn’t happen/taken place.In the end, I’m glad PU made the Mod in Arma 2/3 and Daybreak licensed the Battle Royale mode from PLAYERUNKNOWN. He got rid of the clucky’ness from Arma and understood all of H1Z1 mistakes, downfalls, lack of communication/game updates and made his own game. And to be honest with you, this game is pretty bada** and worth the buy. I’m glad that I was able to see this game grow when when Pre-Alpha was going on. And let's face it, H1Z1 is still in Early Access just this upcoming January in 2018, it will be 3 years in Early Access... PUBG put H1Z1 in it's coffin.It’s one of those games that you will come back and play each day just because how fun it is, H1Z1 (or other BR related titles) can’t do this.---My Review Score: 8/10			
Posted: January 18	196	3936	None	115	420.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Right now I can't recommend this game. The game IS super fun and addicting. I quite enjoy playing it.However, the game is coded very poorly, and the developers refuse to acknowledge the rampant cheating that is taking place ingame. If you mention cheaters on the official forums, you will get banned and your topic removed. It seems like the developers are giving their tacit permission to cheat in this game, so let me tell you how some of the cheats are being done.First of all, the game tracks bullet trajectories client side. As a result, cheaters can modify the game's memory to remove cover, even entire buildings. While they won't be able to walk through walls doing this, they will be able to shoot through the buildings or rocks you are hiding behind, and kill you when you have no way to retaliate.In addition, there are many cheats out for the game right now that add a player radar, or alter player skins to be highly visible. As a result, the stealth element of the game ends up going out the window. While you may be hidden from anyone playing the game normally, if someone has a mod that makes players hot pink against a drab green background, well, good luck hiding.Related to that, the developers have openly allowed people to modify their game files using shader injectors, which for many people is a way to pretty up the game. However, it's equally easy to use these shader mods to remove key features from the game that add cover and make you harder to spot, such as removing ground foliage, or making the shadows highly saturated or completely nonexistant, giving players the advantage.The devs have outright said this is ok, so they support cheating in their game, and if you don't run third party tools, you will be at a disadvantage.At $30, the game would be a steal if it was fair. Unfortunately, since the developers support cheating, that $30 is wasted if you ever want to be remotely competitive.The latest update claims to have fixed some of the avenues for cheating. I have not played since posting this to test. Plan to play this weekend.No chance to play this weekend really, servers went down. So even if the cheatingi is fixed, the servers are garbage.Update:So some patches have come out for the game. Have put a few more hours into it here and there.Still don't recommend buying the game at its price point. There are some positive changes being made to the game, and the optimization has gotten better. The cheaters are still ever present in Solo, but seem to have died down a bit. I won't remove this review however, for two reasons. 1. It is making people think hard about buying an early access product. This is good. Early access can be a money pit. This one is fairly good for early access, but still suffers from a lot of development issues, and poor community management (see: none at all).The second reason I won't take down this review is because I have received death threats and been otherwise bullied into trying to remove it. I don't know if this is the shady♥♥♥♥♥Korean devs paying people to try and scare off one of their top negative reviews, or just salty fanboys. Maybe a little of both.Either way, I'm not scared, and I've heard ALL the insults before. So keep em coming.Latest update:Cheaters have died down a bit, probably get killed by one 1/6 games or so. Still a problem, and the devs still haven't done anything about it, but reduced because the game's popularity has waned a bit.New hotness though:People teaming in solos or combining two duo teams into a 4-man squad in duos. I'm seeing this now probably 1/3 games. This is another form of cheating, and again, the devs don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥Update 6/30/17 -New patch is out. It's a good one. PUBG has claimed to have banned 25k cheaters, which is good if true. Does kinda shoot the people claiming it's impossible to cheat and that cheaters are NOT a problem right in the face though, doesn't it? Played some of the patch last night, it's feeling much more optimized and they have improved the performance a lot. However, due to the popularity of this patch, and the devs bragging about banning cheaters, cheaters are even more popular right now than I've seen in a long time. Probably about 1 out of 2 games has a cheater in them (in duos mostly right now, haven't played squad or solo much recently).			
Posted: January 18	60	89	None	115	37.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21
												China number one simulator			
Posted: January 18	4	25	None	115	791.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lots of bugs still but the most fun I've had since my days in Ark.			
Posted: January 18	9	100	None	115	296.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												This game has sold 30 million copies but is still one of the worst optimized and polished games i've ever played			
Posted: June 21, 2017	4	25	None	161	791.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lots of bugs still but the most fun I've had since my days in Ark.			
Posted: June 21, 2017	2	25	None	161	695.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've never wrote a review, because mostly I'm lazy. So that says something to start with. Having never played a game like this, all I can say is amazing. Yes there are a few hiccups, but that's expected from an EA game. Give it a few weeks / months to iron out some of the "bigger" issues (buggy parachute landing as an example, lag in the first 20 secs as everything spawns in), and its going to get even better. As long as the dev's dont go off the road with stupid ideas, or implements into the game and keep its CORE values it's only going to get better. They are really listening to the community and are already constantly publishing updates to stabalise and optimise their servers. Over time this will only improve. They have already stated they want to introduce vaulting which will make the experience far more fluid.Personally if you are in the middle of the road to buy this game like I was, bite the bullet. You won't be disappointed (but I do have a few friends to play with which to me really enhances the game even more, with tactics and so on.) Took a few games to get the "hang" of it.Otherwise just follow on reddit or twitter to see for content updates. Again, personally as long as devs dont go "over the top" in the future and keep focused on the current play style. For me its a high 7/10.			
Posted: June 21, 2017	9	100	None	161	296.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												This game has sold 30 million copies but is still one of the worst optimized and polished games i've ever played			
Posted: June 21, 2017	23	4521	None	161	104.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2017
												Stephen Hawking runs better than this game			
Posted: June 21, 2017	56	898	None	161	42.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												EDIT: PUBG has filed a suit against Epic Games to "protect their copyright". These developers are immature to think that Fortnite is a direct copy of PUBG and that they would win with games such as H1Z1 and Black Ops 4 out there as well.TL;DR This game had potential, but it is not worth the money anymore.It started off as one of the best battle royale games, putting to shame H1Z1 or ARK. Early access, it was obviously unready, but it was still fun to play and there were no microtransactions. It was hard to run, but the potential for the game was high. So much could have been done to improve it and make it a competitor for AAA games.But then the devs got greedy and made it into a money farm. The game came out in December of 2017 and still today is very unoptimized. I see that there are indeed new game modes and maps to try and combat this, but it is too little too late. This game in its current engine will most likely never reach a level of optimization that is acceptable for the amount of time that has past since the launch date. With the introduction of loot boxes, this game has just become a cash grab. Not to mention that since it has been on the Steam store, it has never gone on sale.Overall, it was fun in the beginning, but the disrespect from developers to consumers with the introduction of microtransactions has sent this game towards its grave.P.S - Don't even get me started on the whole cheating situation. That is another conversation.			
Posted: June 21, 2017	2	21	None	161	26.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█ 
Posted: June 21, 2017	3	21	None	161	190.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												every patch means lower fps everytime.			
Posted: June 21, 2017	4	21	None	161	202.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█not to mention 1.0 and still buggy as hell			
Posted: June 21, 2017	8	147	None	161	121.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19
												Leave this game in the dust. Developer priorities shifted heavily to maximum profit, minimal progress after "launch".			
Posted: June 21, 2017	737	2469	None	161	227.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								In PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BANNINGGROUNDS one player (you) must find a way to make it to the end of a 100 man battle royale located in modern day Detroit without getting banned for killing streamers whether they are streaming or not. Additionally, if you choose to kill the guy that is team killing your squad you also get banned for team killing. Get used to it hater.Edit: This review is satire, however, while the game still has major  issues I will leave it as negative.			
Posted: May 4	45	524	None	1,290	162.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 4
												I bought this game almost from the start of the early access, i rly didn't even care to do a review cause i stoped playing pubg after official release cause i saw that nothing rly changed from early access untill now.1.Servers ticket rate under 30 THIS IS A JOKE WHEN BLUEHOLE MAKE ARTICLES ABOUT RANK SYSTEM AND COMPETITIVE(hard laugh).2.Game still have issues with crushing, lag , looting issues,bike explosions when u lift them  from groud sometimes and a lot more.You had time to fix these problems but u prefered to add new weapons and map before fix these problems.3.There are tons of hackers in this game4.There are tons of botters in this game who farm points and what u did? ban the botters? HELL NO, U PREFERED TO REDUSE THE POINTS EVERY PLAYER GETS AFTER EVERY GAME CAUSE YOU ARE UNABLE TO DO SOMETHING WITH THESE BOTTERS U RUIN WHOLE COMMUNITY,RLY BAD MOVE FROM COMPANY SIDE.5.Add new attacments and give 2 keys at 1000 random ppl who write their oppinion on your survey, YOU EARNED MILLIONS IN 1 YEAR AND U REWARD YOUR COMMUNITY WITH 2000 KEYS,something is going wrong in this company, for example Fortnite had 1 day problem with their servers and gave to all players free cosmetics as reward for the waiting,PUBG have problems from they day they released it.6.They saw that their game started to loose people because other battle royal games released, and what they did? maybe add something that the others games dont have? OF COURSE NO, THEY JUST COPYCAT FEATURES FROM THE OTHER GAMES.7.Bluehole gave private servers only at some youtubers and streamers at the start of the early access, nothing rly changed untill today.NOT EVEN PUT AN OPTION FOR EVERY PLAYER TO TEST THE WEAPONS WITHOUT JOIN A GAME.8.And for last YOU MAKE TRADE LOCK! ok some ppl will say its for the gambling sites etc.Everyone who have IQ over 50 knows that these gambling sites are scam,and the 3rd party sites where u can cashout your money i rly dont see anything wrong with that(these sites is the reason these games have so big communities) so don't be fooled by bluehole's words.Every item u sell on steam market,steam take 15% from the transaction, from the 15% the company that owns the game in our case Bluehole earn 7,5% so ask yourself ARE THEY RLY DO THAT TRADE LOCK CAUSE THEY CARE ABOUT THE COMMUNITY? (Personaly i have earned over 150euro from pubg items and i think this is not bad,not all kids these days have money to buy new games etc, trading and selling skins was a way to earn some money and buy what they want.)PS. All i wrote is my personal view about the company and the game =]UPDATE: Now they announced EVENT PASS , oh mate i rly laugh with the developers, i have to say 3 things about this:1.Items will be not marketable.........2.You gain 2xp every 5 mins online in a game, THEY TRY TO MAKE THE NUMBER OF ONLINE PLAYERS BIG AGAIN FOR THIS DEAD GAME WITH THAT BAIT.3.See how much developers care about you the community at this post https://steamcommunity.com/games/578080/announcements/detail/3077529898698894565https://imgur.com/a/ulvE5tN here is what the developer wrote if u are bored to look at comments ! HE CLAIMS THAT PEOPLE DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO READ THE POST AND STOP COMMENT WHILE EVERYONE CAN SEE THE PREVIOUS COMMENT THAT HAS A PART FROM THE ARTICE.For real everyday this company is getting worse hahahaha			
Posted: May 4	2	76	None	1,290	200.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								From NZ here, seen alot of complaints about lag and to be honest its not that bad. The only time it is noticible is when getting in vehicles and a bonus from that, Aus and NZ servers have been confirmed. Apart from servers, the game runs very well on my mid range system (FX 8350 and GTX 1060) i can get 50+fps alot of the time on high settings. Coming from 1000+ hours on arma 3 the combat is extremely satisfying and very smooth, definitely a key part of this game and for its current state its actually really well done. Highly reccomend!			
Posted: May 4	4	17	None	1,290	291.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: May 4	0	17	None	1,290	316.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 22, 2017
												Ruined by cheaters. lost 6 games due to cheaters recently on north american servers.			
Posted: May 4	0	17	None	1,290	327.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
												REGION LOCK CHINABAN VPNUntil they region lock china and ban VPN, this game is becoming unplayable. Play Fortnite instead, it's free and much more fun.EDIT: Fortnite is more fun because it actually isn't packed with Bugs and Hackers. In PUBG half the game is actually PVE because you're battling all the goddamn bugs! Running a 1080Ti and I get constant frame drops to 30 FPS. Esports ready my ***. And it seems most of the player base agrees since Fortnite seems to have taken the lead.			
Posted: May 4	2	28	None	1,290	232.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Only a few weeks ago the developers finally decided to add a map selection where you could choose between the pretty popular classic map (Erangel) and the not so liked desert map (Miramar). So finally players like my friends and myself would not have to always leave the game when they randomly landed on a Miramar lobby. This can be a real pain when you are unlucky and you get thrown on Miramar multiple times in a row. Especially if you keep in mind that even if you start on Erangel you always have to wait for 60 seconds until the game starts. All in all you could have a waiting time of around 5 minutes before you finally start a game on your desired map. And if you are unlucky or unskilled it could already be over after a couple of seconds again and the whole process starts again. So ye we were really happy after the great news 'Map Selecion is implemented'. Today only a couple of weeks later they removed the map selection again. But why?According to some interview footage I've found it is because of the queue waiting time of Miramar. They say it would be too long since it is so unpopular and players would not play it anymore. A logical conclusion to this would be to either remove the unloved Miramar or seperate the players so the small Miramar fan group could still meet up and play their map while the majority of players can enjoy Erangel or even the new map Sanhok. The developers however decided to go for a really "smart move". Why not force the majority of players to play a map which is unliked by most of them? Ye thats what they actually did! You can now choose between randomly landing on Miramar or Erangel again or/and pick the new map Sanhok. So again if you do not like Miramar but Erangel you have to leave the lobby over and over again. Great idea Blue Hole! Developers should definetely force players to play something they do not want to. That makes the experience great. So my friends and I decided to not play PUBG any longer until one day maybe map selection will be back. Until then lets keep spamming their update news commentary section again with the good old spam we used before map selection got implemented for the first time.░█▀▀█ ░█▀▀▄ ░█▀▀▄ 　 ░█▀▄▀█ ─█▀▀█ ░█▀▀█ 　░█▄▄█ ░█─░█ ░█─░█ 　 ░█░█░█ ░█▄▄█ ░█▄▄█ 　░█─░█ ░█▄▄▀ ░█▄▄▀ 　 ░█──░█ ░█─░█ ░█─── 　░█▀▀▀█ ░█▀▀▀ ░█─── ░█▀▀▀ ░█▀▀█ ▀▀█▀▀ ▀█▀ ░█▀▀▀█ ░█▄─░█─▀▀▀▄▄ ░█▀▀▀ ░█─── ░█▀▀▀ ░█─── ─░█── ░█─ ░█──░█ ░█░█░█░█▄▄▄█ ░█▄▄▄ ░█▄▄█ ░█▄▄▄ ░█▄▄█ ─░█── ▄█▄ ░█▄▄▄█ ░█──▀█ Cheers			
Posted: May 4	0	17	None	1,290	407.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
												I would of given this game a thumbs up for the past year, but this last "1.0 release" has been abysmal and a joke. * You still get massive game breaking bugs. From infinite loading screen bugs, to meshes/textures not loading in allowing you or whoever is having it to be allowed to shoot through the walls, and countless other bugs/problems. Yet they are calling this an official release? * Massive amounts of hackers. Ever since they sold out to the chinese, the game has been over ridden with hackers, and these hackers are not just sticking to the chinese servers. NA, SEA, EU, RU doesn't matter. 2 days ago 60% of our games we died by hackers with aimbots shooting full automatic 600m away and headshotting us instantly out of vehicles. The next day we played only 4 games, and 3 of them had hackers who killed us. Today as of writing this, again out of 7 games, the majority had hackers who killed us. I've never had this issue or complaint with this game ever before, even back when hackers were supposedly a big issue, I never saw them, but their are so many of them now, its a miracle if you dont get one in your game. --------------Selling out to the chinese, and putting this game under the chinese developers ultimately just signed thsi games death warrent. Supposedly banned 1.3 MILLION hackers, that alone says there's  ahacking problem, but when they ban that many and you STILL get a vast majority of your games with hackers? just move onto a diff game.			
Posted: May 4	0	17	None	1,290	526.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								I have 407 hours played and while this game used to be a blast, one of my favorites, I have to say that the cheaters have completely overtaken this game. I would strongly suggest refraining from buying this until the cheating is addressed by Bluehole. I've had 4/5 of the last games I've played ended by aimbotters, speedhackers or being shot through walls. It's unplayable almost.			
Posted: May 4	0	17	None	1,290	240.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												I’m Chinese myself, I’m sorry. Not saying this for myself, but for all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Chinese cheaters/ team killers/ red armies etc. I just wanna let you know that, most of our Chinese players hate them as much as you do, as I do. I’m sorry. Seeing all these comments talking about region blocks, trust me, most of us feel you. We know how it is like to be killed by hackers, we know how bad it will feel to be tked by Chinese teammates for the reason that you don’t speak Chinese.So Please, bluehole, region block us, you heard me right. U can’t call me rasist if I’m Chinese myself rite? Hopefully we can all enjoy the game without any hackers oneday. And till that day comes, I’d rather be baned away than being apart of the most hated group of players in PUBG, even tho I have never ever hacked once for my life. Fk you hackers. 操你们妈，挂逼们。还有红衣军，请不要打着爱国的口号来丢人现眼了。做为一个游戏玩家，公平游戏就是道德。			
Posted: May 4	3	17	None	1,290	281.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Why is this 30 dollars bro			
Posted: July 26, 2017	1	28	None	159	257.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								game devs have gone mad due to success - classic early access bait- dont believe me? read discord, reddit, whatevergoing back on all their promises- microtransactions in early access which they promised there wouldnt be- timeline of updates not being met main dev mocking players, distancing and not understanding communityinsane rule system not mentioned anywhere ingame - be warned if you buy this there are hidden rules they can ban you for at any time e.g. if a team mate tries to teamkill you and you shoot back you will be permanently banned  they recommend disabling default settings if you dont want to get banned for various interactions in the game that are enabled by default.i enjoy this game + played h1z1 and never really cared about the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - i wont buy skins even if theyre 0.01 and ill only play with friends anyway but there are people out there who will be punished unfairly.this game took the spotlight off h1z1 for its failures and now its repeating the same mistakes. it seems its more an issue with playerunknown's mindset (protip: he also made the battle royale mode for h1z1 :))			
Posted: July 26, 2017	0	17	None	159	115.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												Without a region lock, and a more close eye on hackers. I cannot recommend this game.Gameplay is fluid though for people that play Cod or ROoh and one more thing.....#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA#REGIONLOCKCHINA			
Posted: July 26, 2017	3	17	None	159	281.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Why is this 30 dollars bro			
Posted: July 26, 2017	3	17	None	159	21.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
												I've had it with all these Chinese and Asian-region players and those who are not part of the North American region overflowing the NA region, with all due respect.  It's not fun and it ruins the gaming experience and defeats the whole purpose of having a coordinated squad to play with if its members only English is shouting 'China Number One!!', although this is subject to a debate, this is none of my concern as a player who looks for a friendly teamwork environment where communication and coordination play key role in determining the game's outcome.  The devs fail to lock people in their respectful regions which results in people joining other regions although they seem to be unable to communicate effectively with those who are native to that region.  I don't care if their region is full of hacks and whatnot, that's that region's problem which they should solve.  It should not have any impact on any other region, nonetheless. This in terms of language barrier.In terms of gameplay, the need for region lock is so essential because without region lock those nonnative players will maintain higher pings which lead to desync disadvantage to those who are region native which results in overall unfair game.I think we as region natives should make it hard for such people to survive and to enjoy being in our region by any means necessary. I didn't vote for Trump, but damn...			
Posted: July 26, 2017	4	28	None	159	2,026.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
												PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS is a battle royale shooter that pits 100 players against each other in a struggle for survival. Gather supplies and outwit your opponents to become the last person standing. PLAYERUNKNOWN, aka Brendan Greene, is a pioneer of the battle royale genre and the creator of the battle royale game modes in the ARMA series and H1Z1: King of the Kill. At PUBG Corp., Greene is working with a veteran team of developers to make PUBG into the world's premiere battle royale experience.Played this game for a while, and I can say it is one of my fav FPS game, it has everyting, some not game breaking bugs, 1 cheater in 25 games, guns, cars, and manyyyy players. Rate the game 8.5/10			
Posted: July 26, 2017	3	101	None	159	549.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
												Let's face it, no one likes losing. Even sat at traffic lights in your car, you never want the car who pulls up next to you to beat you off the line.Battlegrounds is a game that has found meteoric success over the last few months attracting millions of bloodthirsty players ready to fight to the death, but not all of them want to play by the rules. Depending on who you ask PUBG either has a serious hacking problem that affects every game or cheaters are barely noticeable, rare unicorns witnessed every one hundred games or so. Whichever side of the fence you sit on, PUBG has banned roughly tens of thousands of hackers in the last three months, so they're certainly out there. You may very well have played with a hacker, but the truth is you'd never know it, if the hacker slowly stalked you using ESP, an ability that grants the cheater extra sensory perception of your location at all times. You'd just think you were unlucky. You can't win every game after all.Hacking communities are notoriously secretive and for obvious reasons, but this often leaves their motives shrouded in stereotypes. Common opinion paints them as vindictive children with too much time on their hands and a penchant for mischief, but surely they can't all be like that? Some of these hacks aren't cheap. So back to the game....FPP or TPP?My opinion on FPP vs. TPP: First off I prefer FPP over TPP. When it comes to watching I prefer, to watch FPP. The reason being is gameplay is more exciting. You can play more aggressively, higher kill games are more common. Gun skill becomes more a factor. People have to take risk to gain information in FPP, you can't just sit behind your cover and see everything that is happening around you. You have to understand when to peek, what directions to be watching. You can snowball fights, If I engage someone in FPP and damage them heavily, they either have to turn to fight me, or retreat to cover. If they retreat to cover they’re now blind to my movements, I can flank them, reposition and attack them from another angle. The enemy player after being caught off guard, or losing the initial engagement has to understand where I can move on him. He either needs to predict my movements, or take a risk to gain information by peeking, and then responding accordingly. If that same scenario happens in TP, as soon as the guy gets to cover he is safe. He can med, he can see all my movements, I can't push him. It becomes a stalemate. Whoever moves first more often than not will die in this situation. Gameplay is slowed down, and aggression is halted. There's way more action in FPP that's why I prefer watching it. There's a ton of game sense that comes into play in first. Since you don't have some camera floating up behind your character, with a super wide FOV. When it comes to what one is more skilled, both require a large amount of skill to do really well in at the highest level. At the end of the day when it comes to the more skilled mode, I have to give it to FPP though.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	0	35	None	159	204.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 3
Broken/Flawed Game, Useless DevsPUBG is fundamentally broken and hobbled. The game is quite seriously unplayable by any modern standard. The number of active players has been dropping like an anchor, and with many good reasons. Do not buy this game. PUBG's devs have done nothing about any of the game's numerous issues except push out cash-grab cosmetics and quasi-gambling loot boxes, while doing the bare minimum to retain their cash-cow community's involvement without fixing any of PUBG's numerous issues. The devs do not care about the community, they are unable to keep their word, they don't care about the game running at a bare-minimum level of performance, and are either unable or unwilling to fix any of these issues, if not both. I personally have played essentially 200 hours, and this game is absolute garbage, run by a bumbling team of inept idiots who are seemingly incapable of doing anything right or even holding true to their word or their community. To explain:With top-of-the-line hardware, the game is unable to consistently maintain triple-digit frame rates or even hit them at all on the lowest settings. The game's performance is abysmal, and the devs who have had more than a year to fix the issues have offered nary a peep or solution apart from the empty "we're looking into it" message they feed the community. With each update, the game runs slower and choppier. With each update, the frame rates take more and more hits. The lag and desync are abysmal. The connectivity, even when playing on servers that are in one's region, is fraught with the likes of getting killed behind cover multiple seconds after shots are fired and a line of sight has been broken or players stuttering and lagging as they travel which makes killing or even landing shots impossible. Outright disconnection occurs frequently too. The devs, while PUBG was in early access, gave their word that no microtransactions would be added to the game until it left early access. They lied. They reneged on their word, and added paid lootboxes in August of 2017. They have continued to pump out cosmetic items since, all while plaintively bleating that these are done for the good of the game and the cosmetics team is different from the performance and development team. Yet the community sees no performance results from these lying devs, and continues to be exploited for profit. PUBG has refused to region-lock their game, which has led to an overwhelming influx of lagging and hacking players from less-developed countries who exploit the game's poor state of development for their own gain. Their vain attempts at integrating anti-cheat do nothing about the leaderboard infestation of hackers who dominate the top levels of the ranking system. Reporting them does nothing, and PUBG seems either unable or unwilling to do anything (i.e. they are either inept or malicious, if not both). These anti-cheat systems are also tied to the game's ever-decreasing performance from update to update, and yet masses of cheaters remain unaffected by the anti-cheat as evidenced by their clear prevalence in the game's leaderboards. As the final straw, PUBG's devs are so greedy and inane that they have disabled item trading and have even disabled selling of paid cosmetic items on the Steam market in some inept and myopic attempt to control the market in its entirety.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	6	35	None	159	365.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												垃圾游戏全是挂Anti cheat system is garbage			
Posted: July 26, 2017	0	24	None	159	760.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 10
												One of the greatest disappointment I've had in my 20 years as a gamer. This game had potential. They should've kept the same weapon settings (currently having to discharge a full AR magazine to kill a single player is just lame, this wasn't supposed to be another softcore wargame like Battlefield). They shoud've concentrated in fixing bugs, not releasing new content that everybody disliked and just added new bugs to the game. They should've stop the chinese hackers. They should've tweaked the rules so watching the game would be enjoyable, not a campers' clash. They've milked the game and now is time to just abandon it. The gaming community gave the same chance that we gave to League of Legends, the thing is that Riot Games took the chance and made something noteworthy with it. This game will remain forever as something that COULD HAVE BEEN great. This game shouldn't be bought nor played by anyone in its current state.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	28	343	None	159	22.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28
												Fix the Bugs, Performance n Anti Cheat System and stop to make stuffs for the money machine.PS: Didnt waste the money for this game.			
Posted: December 19	9	96	None	25	1,288.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19
TLDR; Fun game, but the developers don't care about fixing the huge flaws in the game OR even listen to the community, they prefer to make money selling skins and season passes.ALSO: this game can cause you permanent hearing loss!Just to put it in perspective, Vikendi was available on the test servers for two weeks in order to find and remove bugs from the game, turns out they didn't actually fix any bugs (such as the windowed/fullscreen bug that decreases performance by a lot) OR the game's meta in Vikendi (loot tables are awful, UZIs and Tommy guns represent about 90% of the loot available on the new map), despite receiving thousands of complaints from the community during those two weeks.The game is fun, but the developer doesn't care about the community or fixing the game, so don't buy it unless you're willing to put up with these shenanigans.*EDIT #1: A RESPONSE FOR THE FANBOYS WHO ARE ANGRILY VENTING IN THIS REVIEW**EDIT #2: Added 3 serious bugsI will not address the toxic, blind fanboys in this thread making inane comments about how "stupid" or what an "Idiot" I am, I will simply lay out the facts for people who are actually trying to decide whether to buy this game or not.Don't get me wrong, this game is extremely fun, it's one of the most fun and addictive games I've played in 15+ years of gaming, but it is managed in an incredibly bad way by the developer and publisher.I will expand a little bit about the bugs and design errors that have caused a bad experience for me, some of these bugs / design mistakes have been around since the 1.0 release, others have been introduced with updates or changes in the game's design, a lot of these problems are certainly unacceptable for a game that touts itself as being in the "e-sports" category. -- BUG LIST STARTS HERE -- LOUD NOISES!: Probably the most serious bug out of this list because it has permanent effects on your quality of life. YOU WILL GET PERMANENT HEARING LOSS IF YOU TURN UP THE VOLUME ON YOUR HEADSET TOO MUCH. Walking/Shooting sounds in this game aren't balanced so you have to turn up the volume by a lot so you can hear enemy footsteps correctly. This problem has been around since the 1.0 release, apparently devs don't care if they inflict tinnitus on thousands of peopleIF YOU PLAY THIS GAME WITH A HEADSET, MAKE SURE TO USE SOFTWARE LIKE Sound Lock TO LIMIT LOUD NOISES, YOU WILL GET PERMANENT HEARING LOSS AND/OR PERMANENT RINGING IN YOUR EARS IF YOU IGNORE THISFullScreen/Windowed mode bug: I am aware that using Windowed mode for any game decreases graphic performance and increases input lag, the issue is that PUBG's configuration reports the game is running as "fullscreen" when it's actually not running in fullscreen, in fact, you have to press ALT+ENTER each time you run the game because it doesn't apply your selected configuration, this issue was widely reported since they dropped the updates on Vikendi on the test server, and it made it to the live servers due to the developer's incompetenceLOD issues: Maps like Miramar and Erangel have some issues with LOD (Level of Detail) rendering, in some parts around the map buildings are not rendered at all, or they are rendered as "melted" buildings, one big example is the Casino in Pecado, if you are looking at that building from across the street, the furniture, objects, etc inside are not rendered at all, you can see players through the objects, and even shoot at them through said objects.No Input buffering / mid air ADS bug: The game lacks this basic mechanic, if you are mid-air and press the key to go into ADS, it will be ignored by the game once you land, resulting in a certain death. Something similar happens if you are standing on a small curb, or any other small object, the moment you step down (no matter how small this "jump" is) from said object, the game will take you out of ADS mode.Freelook / ADS mode: If you press the default ALT key to freelook and attempt to ADS "too quickly" you won't be able to ADS properly in some cases, you have to press ALT again to manually fix the problem. It's also important to mention that you don't get any sort of recoil in your weapon when the game is in this bugged state.Grenades are broken: Grenades are extremely broken, specially indoors, I can't count the amount of engagements I've lost because my cooked nade happened to land behind the leg of a table, next to an enemy. Even a small object like the leg of a table is enough to negate any damage to your enemies. Don't even get me started about throwing nades inside bathrooms in Erangel, you can cheat your way out of the explosion's damage by simply standing on top of the bathtub, even if the grenade is exploding right next to you.Pistols and shotguns are useless: Pistols and shotguns have no real place in this game other than using them as a last resort at the start of the game, it's actually incredibly stupid that it takes the same time to switch between an AR and a Pistol, shotguns are incredibly unreliable because of the RNG while shooting, unless you're shooting at someone at 2-5 meters straight at the head, you're just rolling the dice, shotgun damage is highly inconsistent because the pellets don't actually land where you are aiming, they have an RNG component to it.Loot balance in vikendi: The loot balance in this map was trash from the start, and the developer did not make any attempts to correct it. I know that "loot balance" is considered by many a highly subjective topic, but there are some objective flaws about the loot balance in Vikendi, writing about them would take a lot of space, so I'd rather just leave you a video explaining most of the issues with Vikendi: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNHdWDrbtc8 - I don't like to reach conclusions based on what youtube personalities or pro players say, but I reached the same conclusions as the person in that video.ADS Zooom bug: If you are in ADS mode, you can press the SHIFT key to zoom in on a target while using Red Dot / Holographic sights, or even iron sights. There is a bug in this feature, you can't zoom while walking in ADS mode, you have to come to a complete stop, go into ADS mode, and then press SHIFT to zoom on a target. The ridiculous thing about this is that you CAN go into Zoom+ADS mode, as I explained before, and then start walking with the Zoom feature activated, which works just fine. Why can't we do both?Broken car damage: This one is pretty well known, you can die instantly if you are hit by a car moving at 2KM/h, I love the momentum-based movement in this game but the vehicle damage is broken beyond comprehension.I could go on and on listing many frustrating bugs and design errors I, and many others have found in the game, unfortunately, I don't have the time to explain all of them in one sitting.Yes it is true that many improvements have been made in the game, however, many of these problems could be easily fixed by BlueHole/PUBG Corp. if they actually listened to the community and sorted their own development problems out. BlueHole/PUBG Corp. has a long history of being incompetent in terms of managing and developing their game, this is NOT acceptable for a game that has made over 700+ million in sales.			
Posted: December 19	4	13	None	25	500.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Who's the best Hacker out of 100.			
Posted: December 19	1	13	None	25	1,838.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
https://youtu.be/KZWzmJWyB1sLook at vid. Its a hacker cought by me. How do you prevent this and is it worth me still plaything this game ? We all in our comunity are awaiting your answer.			
Posted: December 19	2	13	None	25	43.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3
												Please do not by this game until the developers Region lock it.  PUBG is an amazing game with a lot of potential; if you’re into First Person Shooters this game should be something you keep in mind. The issue with this game is it's community. Upon entering the game, you will have the ability to create a generic character, select your region (servers) and select from solo, duo or squad based combat. I have played on the North American and European servers, and in most of my solo games, they're have been hackers, some of which are untargetable, have augmented their capabilities or/and have Aim-bots that can shoot passed the fog of war. If you decide to play Duo or Squad base combat, you should either have a pre-made team OR know Mandarin. These are the only two ways you will be able to communicate with your team effectively. As most of the players in both the North American and European servers are Mandarin speakers from China. If the language barrier and  the hackers aren't an issue for your playstyle, prepared to be shot in the back or killed, by a teammate because you’re not Chinese and they (the other Chinese members of your team) want your loot, this will happen on a NORTH AMERICAN server. I comprehend/speak English, Spanish, French, some Italian and Portuguese, and this is the first time in my 26 years of gaming that I couldn't play a fun game due to language barrier.			
Posted: December 19	0	13	None	25	828.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: December 19	3	31	None	25	2,605.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10
												#RegionLockChina			
Posted: December 19	0	13	None	25	1,446.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												********update***********The game seems to be getting worse proformance wise, blue hole seems to be out of touch with whats actually going on, they just dont care, or lack the know how to fix all the issues.they recently added a season pass for $$$, most crates require keys ($$$), lobby issues, match making issues, horrible to moderate desync issues. this game could be everything you want in a FPS, BUT its trending the wrong way. you want to be a esport game, but yet dropping in a high pop area off the start you will experience more desync and lag then ever before. audio and foot steps are bugged.***************************this game could be awesome, but it seems the devs and blue hole would rather make even more money. they'll say how many cheaters have been banned. it sounds great, but aimbot and eps hackers can make way more then a copies worth before they get caught.the gameplay isnt great at times, they wont ping lock servers or matchs based on language. heck, they wont even match  you with someone you can understand as your teammate. dont worry, you guys will be best of buds, loot up, then get shot in the back by your teammate so they can take your gear.			
Posted: December 19	0	13	None	25	751.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Full of hackers, would refund if I could.			
Posted: December 19	1	13	None	25	514.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 7
												The game is a pain in the a$$. The minute you start enjoying it, the latency issues appear. GOD FORBID you attempt playing any event, FPP or TPP, bullets are flying with a huge delay. If you have money to spare, don't spend it on this game. After all this time, you still get stuck in textures with the parachute, you still backflip your bike on a straight road, you still lose with m4 to ump.Definitely don't recommend it. Oh, and you'll keep getting "an error occurred" during any event or while trying to purchase or open cases.Review as of 07.07.2018.			
Posted: December 19	1	13	None	25	182.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2017
												This game has made very little progress in a years time...Aside from adding a poorly optimized map and a few items, PUBG continues to disappoint with a subpar tick-rate, constant FPS drops, and hackers in the majority of games I've played in recent weeks. Bluehole Entertainment does not seem to want to listen to its already depleted playbase. A hardware ban for offenders is a no brainer, but it is not about making a good game, it is about making money and dipping out.			
Posted: October 3	1	38	None	42	1,258.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												RIP PUBG			
Posted: October 3	6	20	None	42	386.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 9
												I thought cs go is the only game with 90% hackersThen I met PUBG.RIP!			
Posted: October 3	0	20	None	42	78.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
												EDIT: Here come the microtransactions...Question of the day:Is it really a released game if you can't play it?This game is heartbreakingly eating itself, there are so many good things to be said but so many more bad things at the point of this review. First off, I'd like to say the hardcore and fast pace of Playerunknown's Battlegrounds on ArmA 3 was excellent, but this game is in fact bleeding the playerbase on the mod there into nothingness (which is an honest shame, because its so much better). For a game that claimed to be based with the idea "realistic but fun" in mind, its clear that neither were taken into consideration when creating core game mechanics. The ballistics are in general terrible, penetration, damage to players, and the armor system in totality are just wrong. I suppose to an extent the more casual approach to this in general makes it more playable for some but to me it is ruining. I've on numerous occasions hit people with upwards of 10 rounds from a rifle and since they could just continually heal themselves it meant nothing at all for me. Weapons had somewhat realistic damage but seem to have just fallen apart, and players just end up being bullet sponges no matter what you shoot them with. To put someone down, you need 2 or 3 well placed shots, this in my opinion is perfect, however then they are able to be revived (unless you are playing solo, which in my opinion makes the game barely worth playing with all these other issues the game faces). Worse yet is the fact that throwing on some body armor makes those well placed shots barely count, and the deteroriation of armor is also rather unrealistic, you can be shot in the head with the AWM (a rifle firing .338 Lapua Magnum, a caliber that has literally killed in the real world at distances of over 2 miles) and be revived by your friend. Surely enough a majority of the other guns have been totally ruined in at least one aspect or another, and the aiming system is absolutely horrendous, I don't think I've ever seen a game where to end up having your gun "prone-blocked" is so simple and common.Aside of this the game itself is just pretty bad, hit detection has been awful since the very beginning, the lag is almost a given no matter which server or gametype you try to play, and so much more frustration to be had with the rest of the 'technical' parts of the game. To make things even more fun, they're literally advertising ingame now by replacing textures. Recently I've started seeing objects spawn midgame during extreme cases of lag and the hacker infestation as of recent is unbelievable, almost every match I play you can see one or two people eliminate half of the server in a matter of minutes. Of course it should be of no suprise that the developer cares little to none since they're now literally working alongside the people making and selling the hacks in China. Teleportation, one-hit-kill and long-distance punching, rapid fire cheats, insane numbers of simple wallhack+aimbot users, and allowing the use of cheats that make fog less visibile and players a brighter color, this game has to be the most cheater-ridden game ive ever seen, its simply incredible how many there are. Of course I suppose they only intend to stick to BattlEye for now instead of adding an additional anticheat or even trying to actually keep the cheaters from coming back, since this would be a loss of profit as they wouldn't buy the game again and again. Atop this all, the lead developer, Brendan Greene, is an immature crybaby who thinks that he has some type of ownership of 'all' battle royale games, he doesn't want to accept that his game is terrible and that there will be competition that will wipe it out in the oncoming year(s). He called Fortnite a rushed ripoff of his game, when it couldn't be any less true, he attempted to sue them for developing it, and the worst part is it is not even his concept.There is so much more wrong just with the core game, I'll probably come back and retouch this review with more information but for now it seems that it's just going to fall into the same spiral down the toilet as did so many other games like it, like The War Z and H1Z1 have. It's actually quite sad to see a game that truly restores faith for others that are also dying of non-progress, like DayZ.EDIT: 1.0 UpdateThis game may just slowly make its way to something significant, this update actually really smooths gameplay out but it surely does not fix the entire game, I'll try to keep this updated more but until then vaulting/climbing has finally been added, replays/deathcam, and significantly better gunplay both on a ballistics and damage standpoint, and as long-awaited, actual optimization and graphical improvement is being slipped in as well.EDIT: Completely removed game from my account and I have no regrets whatsoever.			
Posted: October 3	13	262	None	42	1,799.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game kinda caught me by surprise.Rarely do I write about early access games and the state they are in and VERY rarely do I ever touch a game like this, however 4 friends of mine talked me into testing it out and I`m having a lot of fun.The game itself is poorly optimized beyond words, major FPS drops even on my GTX 980 TI´s but the gameplay is solid, 90-100 people drop off an airplane have fun and be last man/woman standing.The pure thrill of being close to one of the last one surviving or playing hide and seek for 20-30 mins is intense and the gunplay is played very very good, playing with teammates everything from duo to 4-6 people just makes the game a hell of a tactical game, planning where to meet what stuff to pickup and how to help each other the best, it is a game that in it´s current state is gonna be very curious to follow and hopefully they will not ♥♥♥♥ it up like a lot of other types of this game.That being said, the game already paid itself for me due to the drops, I`ve spend 30 bucks on the game and gotten drops for nearly 65 bucks sooo I`m quite okay.I`m therefor strongly recommending the game as it is now even with the bad FPS drops and connection issues you will find now and then it is diffenetly worth the buy and diffenetly worth keeping an eye on for the future.			
Posted: October 3	0	27	None	42	300.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14
												I've put up with this game for nearly 300 hours of my life. It's a great game, much better than others out there. Well, I guess that would be true if they could actually care about their community. When the game was in early access, it was great. No loot boxes that required keys, no battle passes, not many glaring bug issues which made the game worse. But as time went on, I realized that PUBG doesn't care about its players. All they care about is getting more money. For the life of them, they cannot fix the framerate problems and lag issues. They keep coming out with new maps and new crates which is far from what we need. But with all the money they've gotten in the past year, for some reason they can't fix any of their bugs or lag issues which make most of their players leave. I really love this game and I want it to be successful, but I don't think it will ever be that way. I'm sorry PUBG for giving a bad review, but it has to be done. I'm going to play some Rainbow Six Siege now.			
Posted: October 3	71	169	None	42	505.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24
												Don't bother playing if you aren't a chinese scum bag using aimbot.			
Posted: October 3	10	66	None	42	434.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3
												Literally every Chinese player you come across is running some sort of aimbot script. And because they removed the abililty to pick regions not infested with Chinese hackers, you can't avoid them.Either region lock the Chinese to their own hellhole or bring back region select.  
Posted: October 3	38	353	None	42	28.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
												It's betterly optimised but if you can at least get to 30 fps then worth it. You can always refund if you play less than 2 hours, so try it out. type -USEALLAVAILABLECORES -malloc=system -sm4 in for launch settings and it'll get u some more fps. super fun af tho so yeaMy specs:Intel 930 i7 2.8GHz18gb ramNVIDIA GTX 780 3gbI can't tell you whether you can run it lol just buy it and refund it if you can't run itAlso I run this game on the lowest of low settingsAlso I have 18 gb ram becauseedit: fortnite is better			
Posted: October 3	42	328	None	42	154.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 29, 2017
Early Access Review
TL;DR - It's unparalleled by other titles like it. But so are the performance issues. Buy it, try it, and refund if meh."So today's lesson is - you kill each other off till there's only one left. Nothing's against the rules."- Kitano-senseiBattle Royale was my biggest dread throughout my teens. I watched it with friends around the turn of the 20th century, fell in love with it but was convinced that it'd really happen at some point. Mum would ship me off to an island full of murderous youths and I'd never see the light of day. At 5'4" and less than 7 stone, I was scared I might have to pimp myself off to random horny guys so I could slice their necks as they tried to rip my knickers off. Boy was I dark teen. Given that I got so immersed in the idea of dystopian survival you'd reckon I'd have played more survival arena games, but no. This is the first time I've felt like I've found an actual "Battle Royale" game that I enjoy and am excited to play. Despite my freakish intoxication with simulated high stress survival environments, no game has felt like I was "in" Battle Royale. This feels like I'm playing the media franchise. I love it to tiny ripped shreds as I scream with intervals of girly giggling, blood splattered all over my face.Spawning on an island that moonlights as a lobby, population 100, you can practice combat using weapons available at set locations most easily obtained when joining early (±35P). The island has nooks and crannies to explore but most games start within 1-2 minutes of entry thanks to the current massive inflow of players. You can see this lobby/island on the far right corner of your map and actually return there once you start a match if you want. It's really meta... Once the game starts you'll sit in a plane with everyone else and parachute to your area of choice on a much larger island (aka Erangel). You loot buildings and other players (after killing them) for gear/weapons/consumables (buff) and drive all over the island in the process while keeping an eye on the safe zone that exponentially shrinks until there's only one surviving player/team. Get caught outside it too long and your health will plummet quicker than a suicidal anchor.The Vicissitude of Early Access (*EA)Writing about popular games always bears with it the possibility of sounding like a broken record. You already know the negatives, the positives and the performance tribulations from the countless reviews and forum posts. To top it off the game is in EA, each patch bringing along a band of changes voiding the initial points within previous reviews. Transposing from strategy to action, the sub genre is inconstant. In one patch the former glorious ascendancy of strategy was forcefully removed, whittling the mind blowing chessboard it started as down to headstrong tactics only because of a slight shift in quality weapons loot placement and its spawn rate. It's since been revamped with higher percentage of crate drops and loot. The smallest changes make you choose divergent plays from one patch to the next. It went from mostly strategy to mostly twitch shooter in a single patch and then backed up towards a middle ground trying to maintain equilibrium. It might end up less like the initial brilliance of a Battle Royale simulator and more towards another generic arena shooter. Who knows? EA multiplayers are hard to keep alive. Unavoidably awful optimisation reeks of EA, testing the patience of most systems and players. Server side latency is fine but too often it'll fail to sync (what I see on screen = not actually happening). One thing is for certain, I'm having an insane degree of fun playing PUBG, and even if it ends up like every other heap of goo I won't regret it because it's great right the eff now. I bought it at release because it was already a well done game and pretty much complete in terms of gameplay mechanics. All it desperately needs is to get a handle on performance issues and just how system heavy it is.  Running a tight ship exterminating hacks/cheats is a given and they seem to be doing relatively well. PUBG knows no other flaws.It's potently engaging if you favour the tactical twitch shooter, and don't shy away from strategy. It's not solely for genre veterans. If you like the speed of Overwatch but love the tactics of XCOM, you'll be surprised to find yourself appreciating just how much brain power PUBG requires. If you like strategic board games such as chess or Go and FPS games as well, PUBG will ooze allure. It's less intimidating than military tactical shooters like Arma while being more serious than your run-of-the-mill survival arena. Having a blast even if you're not super into positioning and favour the run and gun approach is uncomplicated and doable. Often I'll jump into populated landing points just to have some fast fun shooting, killing and mauling people where everyone is just enjoying the game in an arcadey manner and having a riot. This game can cause uncontrollable laughter (you've been warned). Suffice to say it'll be harder to win without strategy seeing as even a good shot will run out of bullets in a 100P arena eventually. A growing majority of its players are strategic, skilled and smart enough that trolls actually burn out faster and get bored. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. I kid you not, PUBG players are the poster children of this phrase. The median skill level has risen over the past month but it's moderately easy to get into for new players even if you aren't genre familiar. Cheating isn't as prevalent as other similar games. I witnessed a blatant hack only once, nude and gliding across the grass like super speed Jesus... More serious cheats have arisen as of late but generally it's refreshingly vanilla, and is subjected to comparatively infinitesimal griefing thanks to the toil of both devs + community.When picking this up during beta I was looking for something to replace The Division's adrenaline fueled Survival mode. The Division was a rare retreat where I had my fill of 200+ hours and suddenly felt content enough to move on. After that I sat there sucking my thumb wondering what I could do to fill the void. Along came PUBG. The only things I need to worry about here are looting, players, the shrinking field, positioning, endgame + luck. The field isn't as lethal since fatalities only come from my miscalculations and the dexterity of others. Yet PUBG understands the greatness of simplicity and it's wildly entertaining. The realism gauge is pronounced the way jumping from a fast moving vehicle will knock you down. On the other hand, I could ragdoll into oblivion by rolling down a tame hillside riding a motorcycle too fast while being able to survive multi flips of insanity like a gymnastics ribbon aiming for an Olympics gold medal, barely scathed while boosting a Dacia off a steep cliff...If you can master the art of laughing in the face of frame rate issues like a true masochist, you should be playing now rather than later. Needlessly tweaking balance like mad could leave us with Frankenstein's monster and most combat orientated multiplayer EA games on Steam don't prevail due to this. Despite the train wreck performance, it's amazingly fun and I feel like it has made me laugh the most out of any game I've ever played. With EA, people throw around the word "potential" like if you say it enough the game will magically nurture itself from dust. PUBG is what potential actually looks like. It's acceptably tense, wholly satisfying and loads of fun with a mate(s) or alone. Solo is mighty strategic, squad wreaks havoc and duo is the middle child. I feel dead inside when things lag, but again I've had some fantastic matches that made it all better. Also, zero simulation sickness!Tips in comments 
Posted: October 3	40	821	None	42	321.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 13
												It was pretty good, but then they removed the weather making it really ♥♥♥♥ing dull. Bring back fog and rain please			
Posted: March 24, 2017	5	62	None	341	191.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game, performance sucks though. The devs have released a timeline for optimization in the future.			
Posted: March 24, 2017	9	97	None	341	43.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								A dedicated Battle Royale game where you have to win out of about 100 people who usually enter a server.  The circle shrinks and you have to enter the circle and be the last man/woman standing to win.  All the stats are recorded and you can view them in game.  There are solo mode, duos and squad so you can team up if you want.  I havent seen any cheating, such as going through walls etc and there doesnt seem to be many bugs.This game uses the unreal engine 4, graphics for early access are pretty good, in some of the larger towns it struggles alittle on my machine but its early access so plenty of time to fine tune the fps.  The sounds are good, works well with my surround headphones so I can tell where shots are coming from.The developer is well known and I'm confident player unknown and his team will make this game even better than it is already.  My personal opinion is that its more sim than h1z1 but slightly less but not far off from arma3 BR, games seem to be slightly quicker than arma3 br.  I look forward to see this game develop even further :)A solid Battle Royale game , now got to sort out that divorce ;)			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	16	None	341	20.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								This is a good game for someone that just want to drop into the action. It's essentially a dad game or for people that "just want to play".It's suprising how big it gotten with so little content, direction and lack of choice. A lot of games the last years has had a similar problem but PUBG takes the cake and the cake is made only with cream.I can't reccommend this game to anyone that want depth or choice, especially solo play. Duo's or Group can get a lot deeper but it's still not worth it.If you just want to drop into a game, not give a damn and just go ham. This is perfect, without a doubt 100% perfect. I would rate this neutral if i could.			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	16	None	341	56.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												Basically a imcomplete game with bad graphics, bad bullet registration, tons of hacking, and no skill looneys sitting in buildings for 20 minutes waiting to get 1 kill. If you havent played this game yet you probably should continue doing so			
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	16	None	341	289.1	Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	16	None	341	229.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
												Slowly stopped enjoying this game because of all the hackers			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	23	None	341	18.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30
												Rather than focusing their time on fixing the game, they continue to waste their time suing for "copyright infringement"			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	30	None	341	80.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												Do NOT believe this game is out of Early Access stage. This is NOT a complete game. If you buy this thinking you're getting a fully working, optimized game, you are going to regret it. This game has had more stable versions during early access.			
Posted: March 24, 2017	2	65	None	341	63.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												really really overrated, buggy, annoying, glitchy and crashing mess that should not be allowed to be this popular			
Posted: March 24, 2017	1	16	None	341	86.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Esta cosa necesita optimizacion U R G E N T ENo es normal que con todo al minimo no me valla a 60fps ESTABLES.Tiempo despues de esa queja por optimizacion actualizo esta review para que sea un poco mas completa, y para explicar los puntos por los cuales creo que este juego es mediocre en comparacion con otros juegos tipo battle royale.- Graficos: El aspecto grafico es algo que no suelo tener en cuenta a la hora de analizar un juego, pero en este juego es algo que llamo mi atencion, y no para bien. Los graficos del juego no son nada disfrutables, al ser un juego enfocado en el realismo pareceria que el aspecto grafico podria tener una alta prioridad, pero no.- Jugabilidad: Al salir las balas directamente del arma y no de la "cabeza" del jugador, en muchas ocaciones te encontraras fallando muchos disparos por algun objeto que tenias en frente del arma.- Mapas: Los mapas son terrenos de 8x8 quilometros, en el mismo se encuentran vehiculos que facilitan el movimiento por el mismo. El problema entra en que en un lugar tan grande, y con la necesidad de seguir las indicaciones del juego de hacia donde hay que moverse para evitar morir fuera de la zona de juego, es facil estar caminando minutos y minutos para llegar y encontrarte con alguien afortunado que no tenia la necesidad de moverse mucho, ya que la zona segura quedo encima de el. Habiendo gastado tiempo de juego en caminar derecho hasta encontrarte con tu muerte, lo cual me lleva al siguiente punto.- Progreso: En el juego no existe ningun sistema de niveles, ranking, mejoras, ni nada por el estilo, lo unico que podria usar el jugador para presentar progreso en el juego mas alla de la habilidad seria la vestimenta que traiga, cosa que tampoco representa el progreso del jugador, ya que alguien que abre 1 caja por dia y obtenga items malos podria ser visto como alguien quien no ha jugado mucho al juego, mientras que alguien afortunado que abra 1 caja cada semana y obtenga items buenos podria llegar a ser confundido con un jugador experimentado.Esto ultimo hace que no haya ningun tipo de sensacion de progreso para el jugador.No recomiendo su compra considerando todos estos puntos en contra que el juego tiene.			
Posted: December 24, 2017	0	16	None	130	565.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												This game is not ready for 1.0. Horrible Rubber Banding, ongoing hacker issues and poor performance!			
Posted: December 24, 2017	0	23	None	130	277.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 20
												After every update instead of improvements we find more and more bugs. Replay system is worse than ever, the servers are all unstable, the event is full of crashes and disconnects........ B-But HEY take this parachute skin and ANOTHER box that you have to buy with another key.     Bluehole has been making very questionable decisions recently. I can't really stand up for this game as it is right now, they HAVE to do something quick to fix it.     Maybe someday I'll have fun actually starting a match and not having to deal with huge desync, no-regs and all kind of weird bugs that happen literally all the time.     Stop trying to add microtransations and focusing on "E-Sports" when all of your playerbase is literally screaming for you to fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. No one has to deal with your♥♥♥♥♥♥for longer than we already did.			
Posted: December 24, 2017	2	65	None	130	63.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												really really overrated, buggy, annoying, glitchy and crashing mess that should not be allowed to be this popular			
Posted: December 24, 2017	1	16	None	130	86.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Esta cosa necesita optimizacion U R G E N T ENo es normal que con todo al minimo no me valla a 60fps ESTABLES.Tiempo despues de esa queja por optimizacion actualizo esta review para que sea un poco mas completa, y para explicar los puntos por los cuales creo que este juego es mediocre en comparacion con otros juegos tipo battle royale.- Graficos: El aspecto grafico es algo que no suelo tener en cuenta a la hora de analizar un juego, pero en este juego es algo que llamo mi atencion, y no para bien. Los graficos del juego no son nada disfrutables, al ser un juego enfocado en el realismo pareceria que el aspecto grafico podria tener una alta prioridad, pero no.- Jugabilidad: Al salir las balas directamente del arma y no de la "cabeza" del jugador, en muchas ocaciones te encontraras fallando muchos disparos por algun objeto que tenias en frente del arma.- Mapas: Los mapas son terrenos de 8x8 quilometros, en el mismo se encuentran vehiculos que facilitan el movimiento por el mismo. El problema entra en que en un lugar tan grande, y con la necesidad de seguir las indicaciones del juego de hacia donde hay que moverse para evitar morir fuera de la zona de juego, es facil estar caminando minutos y minutos para llegar y encontrarte con alguien afortunado que no tenia la necesidad de moverse mucho, ya que la zona segura quedo encima de el. Habiendo gastado tiempo de juego en caminar derecho hasta encontrarte con tu muerte, lo cual me lleva al siguiente punto.- Progreso: En el juego no existe ningun sistema de niveles, ranking, mejoras, ni nada por el estilo, lo unico que podria usar el jugador para presentar progreso en el juego mas alla de la habilidad seria la vestimenta que traiga, cosa que tampoco representa el progreso del jugador, ya que alguien que abre 1 caja por dia y obtenga items malos podria ser visto como alguien quien no ha jugado mucho al juego, mientras que alguien afortunado que abra 1 caja cada semana y obtenga items buenos podria llegar a ser confundido con un jugador experimentado.Esto ultimo hace que no haya ningun tipo de sensacion de progreso para el jugador.No recomiendo su compra considerando todos estos puntos en contra que el juego tiene.			
Posted: December 24, 2017	4	44	None	130	498.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Negative review until hacks are fixed.			
Posted: December 24, 2017	2	37	None	130	238.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												Don't get me wrong i love this game and all But there are way too many bugs and the optimization is pretty $hitso it's just ruins the game			
Posted: December 24, 2017	5	197	None	130	92.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is an absolute travesty in terms of optimization for the amount of time it has been in alpha. Especially considering the fact that this game has had so much support from seemingly everyone on steam, the end product seems like a spit in the face. It's the perfect example of a game gaining too much traction before the devs could even finish it, early access at its worst. The people who bought this game (including me) are the reason this game is the way it is, we can sit here and complain about Bluehole all we want, but the financial incentive isn't there for them. As for the game, it's a laggy, repetitive and overhyped♥♥♥♥♥♥show that only got this far because it's a battle royale game with shiny graphics, nothing more. I have learned my lesson when it comes to buying early access games, never again, never again.			
Posted: December 24, 2017	49	61	None	130	171.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game but really need servers in South Africa.			
Posted: December 24, 2017	21	210	None	130	34.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												Developers is more focused on getting your money instead of fixing the game. Stay away from this game			
Posted: December 24, 2017	31	286	None	130	12.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 11
												PAX East 2018 sealed the deal for me to DELETE this game from my PC.  Waited 2 hours in line to play the new Warzone mode. FINALLY Sat down with my 4 buddies ready to kick some butt and the dev's / booth workers changed the game mode so that 98 (out of the 100 who just sat down) were turned to Zombies and were tasked with hunting 2 twitch Streamers who sat down with us.  The game mode was changed to benefit the 2 streamers and screw the 98 of us who wanted to try the new mode.    WHAT A WASTE.   When we brought it up to the booth workers we received a lazy shrug and careless "sorry..."        PAX EAST was a fantastic way for this group to show who they REALLY care about... aka streamers... Not your average player.    I have DELETED THIS GAME and will make sure this is constantly brought up when I can. This was added to the PUBG official Twitter page too on Friday of PAX East 2018.			
Posted: January 25	3	33	None	67	24.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												was good when you were able to open boxes with currency that you could obtain from winning games but now it costs to get a key - you've become too greedy.			
Posted: January 25	1	33	None	67	168.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												I enjoyed this game at the start. Developments to the game, fixing bugs, but now that the game is still as unfinished as ever, they're adding crates and expansion passes to the game and are more focused on suing other game developers because of a similar game.Seriously, blue hole, you better start listening to your fan base and cut the bull, otherwise you'll be just like Hello games, and floating in the bottom of an ocean of public embarrassment.			
Posted: January 25	942	2097	None	67	146.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								I thought csgo had the worst servers , then i met pubg			
Posted: January 25	646	561	None	67	658.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2017
												CONSISTENT LAG ✔️90FPS LOOKS LIKE 40 ✔️GLITCHED CARS ✔️ASIANS ✔️SERVER DE-SYNC ✔️ONE MAP ✔️INVINCIBLE IN WATER ✔️MUST BE E-SPORTS READY ✔️			
Posted: January 25	80	1835	None	67	40.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honestly I thought I would really enjoy this, but that is not the case.It's buggy as hell. I appreciate it's still early access but they've got the funding. They have a button on the main page to 'refresh the UI incase it's buggy'. If that isn't an indicator of what to expect I don't know what is.Performance is terrible. People with modest rigs still suffer from poor fps.It's so clunky. Things you can't walk up or climb over are just beyond frustrating. Putting your gun to a window or over a desk prevents you from doing so. When you think you're picking up ammo off the floor, you end up picking the gun instead, you switch back but then have to reload the gun again, even though it was previously loaded.The maps are so large half the time it feels like a walking simulator. You spend 50% of your time staring at the floor for items, 49% walking and 1% shooting.The general gun mechanics are strange. There's been several times I've pumped a full round into someone (the blood spats are an indicator it hit) and the player is still alive and shoots you dead in one. Other times I've shot someone with a shotgun from 25 meters away and killed them in 1 hit.The devs themselves are poor too and act like children. It's just a massive cash cow now. Here's why: - Bringing in micro transactions during early access is just unethical especially after the amount it's made in sales, there's no excuse.- Bringing in micro transations when they clearly stated they didn't. So that was a massive lie.- They ban people for stream sniping and even those that aren't. There's no care for their players. They support the streamers because it's their way of marketing and getting more sales.- They ban people from their forum that have posted a polite opinion.- They cry when another company "steals" their idea, even though battle royale style games has been around for years.			
Posted: January 25	1	19	None	67	210.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												Let me start off by saying that this can be a fun game. However, I'm writing this review because there has been issues with higher ping players ruining the experience of PUBG for other players (mostly players in Asia ruining it for the rest of the world), and I've seen firsthand through deathcams that my killer not only doesn't hit me with hardly any of his shots, he even misses shooting allies, yet still somehow kills them.My issue with this personally is that the developer, Brendan Greene, has come out and defended players exploiting this, saying and I quote: "They love the game. Why would we restrict them from playing on servers? I just don't get the attitude of some people." Proof: http://www.pcgamer.com/pubg-players-respond-to-bp-apology-with-demand-for-chinese-region-lock-over-cheating/Why is this a problem you ask? Because there isn't anything being done against anyone that exploits higher ping; PUBG has sold more copies in China than in the US alone. Why not? If you can openly cheat, and have the developer back you up, why not take advantage of the situation? The problem with this is, this "fanbase" of his is only temporary. His dedicated fanbase is people who play in their own region, with their own decent ping, and enjoying it. (AKA, the rest of the freaking world) He is spitting in their faces by defending people that intentionally exploit high ping to gain an unfair advantage, and I find it sickening he is doing it without regret.As it stands, I cannot recommend PUBG to anyone except people with masochistic personalities that enjoy the idea of players on the other side of the world beating them with invincibility and network lag in their favor. Until the developer wises up and stops catering to only one set of people, I will inform any potential buyer that he doesn't care about them enjoying the game, so long as he gets his money in the end. I hope others will join me in this effort to show him that he can't bully people into accepting his twisted line of thinking in which cheating is acceptable.BUYER BEWARE. And region-lock the game like you should've at the beginning.			
Posted: January 25	1	19	None	67	34.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 23
												Simply s h i t, with friends less s h i t but always s h i t			
Posted: January 25	7	19	None	67	92.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, unless you feel like being cheated by the chinese.			
Posted: January 25	3	19	None	67	668.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16
												Everytime I try to play the servers are too busy. I'm done trying. Bye Bluehole!  
Posted: January 25	9	60	None	67	256.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
												This game is fun and I really love playing it, especially with friends but I currently don't recommend it atm cuz it's plagued by plethora of issues and hampers your experience everytime. Here's why: Unoptimised game of the decade Cheaters still rule the game Requires a top end PC to run at stable 60 fps Absolutely crap netcode Wonky and terrible animations Severe microstutters outta nowhere "Network Lag Detected" Total crap 17 Hz servers that may die any sec Every major patch they release screws up the game even moar Ridiculous vehicle with beyblade physics and controls Occasionaly game will be stuck on loading screen Random connection timeouts Constant invariable frame rates CTDs 20% of the time Still rubberbands (door puzzle) Asset flips CPU killer Chinese everywhere =_= Killcam and spectate is not accurate Bullet hit angle inconsistencies, o boi Fecked up FPP aim when near walls or windows Moar players near = Moar lag (imagine 10~20 alive in finale circle lool) Camera jerks like hell when in passenger seat, can't aim or heal up Dat horrible lag when someone shoots/ when I shoot and after landing on the ground Cannot rejoin a custom match if disconnected/crashed, lost a tournament due to that Depth of Field when ADS is cancer, can edit config file but you will get BANNED -_- Red zone explosion sound = Ear raype 25 MB update every 5 hours (srsly?) with no changes More investment in useless crates and skins than actually fixing the mess they made A DLC now eh? pls P.S: Too many Desperado crates :p Buildings won't load and you'll get stuck between walls or objects once loadedGraphics are so terrible that it looks like huge pile of junk created back in 2000. Gobbles up my 2GB VRAM and 4+ gigs of RAM even on lowest textures and settings. On top of that, to even struggle for fps is just pathetic. All of this even in the so called final release v1.0 #Update 7, I can't even imagine how it used to be in Early Access as people say "It got better" _/\_It's powered by the famous Unreal Engine that made beautiful games like Bioshock Infinite, Paragon, ABZU, feck even Fortnite, an another Battle Royale game which used to be in the same boat as PUBG in terms of optimisation on start, now I can run it on epic settings 60fps @ 1080p without any hitches. Dunno why the whole world is praising this game and they say it's "Esports ready" for this unplayable garbage. All those people yelling "A perfect example for Early Access" shut it please. It's super far from being a full game. You need a beastly PC to fully enjoy the game in it's merciless glory of Lagginggrounds, it still does lags a bit on top end rigs too though.But despite all these problems it's fun playing the game, if all these problems were fixed then it's probably the best game ever made, but I don't have any hopes though cuz we are talking about                                                               B L U E  H O L E                                                   a PUBG cash grab corporationA perfect example of v1.0 in this generation of gaming ladies and gents4/10 
Posted: April 2	12	142	None	349	342.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 2
OverviewThe game is fun for the first month or two after buying, but it doesn't take long before you start to get tired of the same two maps and same bugs every damn time. I've had a lot of fun playing this with my friends, but also a lot of strife trying to get it working and dealing with the numerous bugs/hackers that plague the game. Pros:+ Realistic graphics+ Great gun mechanics+ High population (easy to find a match)+ Easy to learn, hard to master+ Feels great to win, can be intenseCons:- Slow loading times- Black screens, random crashes- Terrible main menu UI- Laggy gameplay (especially at start)- Only 2 maps- Poorly implemented vaulting system- Buggy (dozens of bugs, differing in severity)- Abundance of hackers- Glitchy vehicle physics/controls- Uncaring devs- Annoying fans obsessed with hating on Fortnite because they're insecure *UPDATE*ConclusionIf you can get past the bugs, the glitches, and the hackers, the base game itself is really solid, the gun mechanics feel great and the realistic graphics look nice. Which is why it's a shame that everything else is a total mess. For the price of the game and the quality of the updates I don't recommened buying it. Instead of fixing and improving their game, the Devs decided to ignore the playerbase and focus on creating lazy gun skins and bringing out regular cosmetic lootboxes, all this after rushing an early release for Xmas sales.... As soon as a rival Battle Royal game is released PUBG will go the way of H1Z1.			
Posted: April 2	449	5401	None	349	128.8	Recommended	
Posted: April 15
												Chinese.Chinese everywhere.If I say "ni hao ma" they'll know I'm not one of them.If I don't say "ni hao ma" they'll shoot me and take my loot.I worked hard for these 7 Red Dot Sights.Might as well learn Mandarin.Resistance is futile. 
Posted: April 2	1	12	None	349	22.6	Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is balanced between Arma and H1Z1, a perfect balance between realism and fun.It also has a lot more options than H1Z1 like adding customization to guns (It makes you keep looting mid-late game more) and every weapon has spray pattern and recoil not like H1Z1 everyone jump out of car with shotgun or peeking through corners by jumping with shotgun.Also you decide when to jump out of plane and jump in which direction. In the other hand in H1Z1 you can be f*cked up right when game start by placing you near too many other people.Only downside is optimization, devs should work about it other than that this game has enormous potential.			
Posted: April 2	1	12	None	349	109.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11
Product received for free
												>Playing the game as I do normally.>Playing Squad TPP OCE with mates.>10 Players alive, friends are dead from a chinese aimbotter, downed with 3 headshots within 3 seconds. >Staying hidden, runs behind a house and a rock.>Doesn't even matter cause the aimbotter kills me.>Watches deathcam,  Aimbotter just aims into the sky at my direction and shoots me in the head.>Reports him for cheating. Exits to lobby.>Sees a big fat "YOU HAVE BEEN BANNED!">10/10 Account is temporarily suspended for being killed by a hacker. 
Posted: April 2	0	12	None	349	115.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Dont even care about the chinese players, Mute works fine. The amount of hackers with aim bot is still crazy. Seems like one every game all most.			
Posted: April 2	0	12	None	349	498.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Way too many cheats atm, it's not a playable game.			
Posted: April 2	0	12	None	349	376.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								In the beginning it was something almost new, a new take on a recently new genre (for a sole game, not mod) and was fun and great to play with friends...Then the cheats came. In almost every match, on any server. I've tried them all. Seeing one person constantly take out 30+ people within 5 minutes is just off putting, let alone being killed by them yourself. Optimization and graphics, lag and hit boxes are still incredibly bad. The loot boxes and microtransaction should've been put off til full release when bugs are fixed and the game isn't gonna crash constantly or bug out. Money grab - probably will never get fully finished imo. Same as h1. Don't waste the £, it's time has passed.			
Posted: April 2	1	12	None	349	479.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												It was good at the start, but the most recent update (PC 1.0 Update #5) released a reworked anti-cheat function. Needless to say, it's made hacking worse. On the OC and ASIA 90% of games have hackers. It makes the game unplayable. If it's not fixed within the next few patches, I for one will not be playing anymore.This is what happens:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6WOlBjtIlg 
Posted: April 2	1	12	None	349	1,597.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												Every time after update game becomes unplayble!well done,taking 30euros from each player and giving a non playable game!!Well done!!And thanks for caring about your users by not doing anything for cheaters!!I was a big fan of this game but i will think about it if i will play again!!			
Posted: April 2	0	12	None	349	156.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												While the hackers are an ongoing problem, it feels like the hit detection and bugs have simply not been addressed.Instead of optimising and improving the core game, we've instead got loot boxes and a paid DLC.The shame is that this game has potential to be great, but it seems like the developers are intent on making it a worse experience in favour to grab as much money as possible.			
Posted: April 12	13	216	None	51	451.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12
												Back in summer 2017, when I bought this game in EA, I liked it very much. It had (and still has) its problems like hit detection, server lag ... but it was fun. You had time to loot nearly wherever you wanted in the beginning, you could do nearly every strategy or tactic you liked, whether you jumped directly to a high loot area, took a vehicle and moved to the far end of the zone or you looted your way along some houses to the zone... All these strategies worked for people.The mid-game was quiet, I have often seen or heared no one till there were only 20 people left. I have to say, that my favourite strategy back then was "I drop far far away and dont`t go to the cities", so this could have been a side effect, and other people would see this different.But nonetheless I liked it, how it was. It was a great game!But then...then they made the first adjustments to the blue zone. It wasn`t much and back then, I thought it was to optimize things for all of us. But I was wrong! For the last half year they made many "small" adjustments to the zone (faster starting, more damage, more DOT the further you are away) to get PUBG ready for e-sports. Nearly everything in this matter was to appease the e-sports community, which wanted a faster gameplay, because the old was to boring for the spectators. I feel sad about this and it angers me a lot, that because of a small part the whole PUBG community has to suffer. That the loudest in the community are probably fast-paced-shooter-lovers, who cry "faster, faster, faster!", make it even worse, because all the other voices who liked the game how it was, were drowned in the loud ones.And now....update #10. I have already played some matches with the new update and I have to say, that I DON`T LIKE it! Sometimes I wasn`t even at the ground when the first timer was already ticking! How should I loot if I have to move instantly to get to the zone?! Maybe I`ll have time then... oh sorry 2nd zone starts in 90s (200s before), you need to go! Oh, you`ve taken damage? You are at the edge of the blue? You need to heal? No time! 3rd circle starts in 60s (150s before) and you have far to go! If you are unlucky and the first zone is far away and you have no car, you can probably give up, because you will most likely not be able to reach the circle before it moves again. And since they added extra damage the further you are outside the circle... RIP...Also with this update, there isn`t any time for tactics anymore. Dropping far away, thinking how you engage an enemy or attack a building takes too much time. You will have to move before you can do it. In addition, they increased the chance that the new circle is in the center of the old one, even the last circle will shrink to the middle! They took away the last bit of fairness in this game. Now everybody will go for the middle because the circle will probably be there. What will come next? I don`t want a game where I can make a list of what I'll have to do next! This is just boring. If I wanted a boring game, I wouldn`t have bought it!Please undo at least the horrible changes to the zone you did in update #10!I WANT MY OLD PUBG BACK!!!edit 14.04.2018:I really apreaciate it, that the devs undid the changes to the zone! I also hope that next time, they put big changes like these much longer to the test servers than for update #10, so that something like this won`t happen again.Maybe try the slower zones as in #10 and zone 2 with 180s, zone 3 with 120s, zone 4 with 90s and the rest like #10 with 60s cooldown. That is a bit faster but should be enough time to loot and fight.And one solution for those who like a faster game/copetitive mode would be extra servers. So you could choose if you want to play on normal mode or the faster e-sports mode.			
Posted: April 12	148	2388	None	51	651.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
PUBG------------------------While PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS can occasionally be an obscene amount of fun with friends, this game has so many issues that it borders on the unbelievable and in many cases it walks a fine line that teeters on the unacceptable. This review is far too long and blocky in text, so for those who like TDLRs, theres a non-specific and "short" summary. On the other hand, for those who are OK with reading into this game's issues, I'll go into some standout specifics from Developer conduct to this game's notorious plethora of technical issues and shortcomings, alongside some more casual observations made from someone who has put way WAY too much time into this trainwreck of a game that I just absolutely love to hate...TLDR: PUBG is not very good!*GASP*! some may say! "But its a bestseller on Steam! It has broken records for the most concurrent players on a Steam title! It is played by literally millions every day! Surely its not terrible!" others may say! And to be frank, this game is, at first, really something else to experience! Its tense! Its thrilling! It encourages teamplay, coordination and callouts in duos and squads in ways many games simply dont! And cooking your first, second, fifth and twentieth chicken dinners can make for a truly memorable time! However, after the initial 'honeymoon' phase is over, the game starts to show its true colors and the tape and glue that are used to hold together this mess of a game only become more and more transparent with time. If you and a group of friends want to play together, and you have a PC that can run it (basically 3+GB of VRAM w/ ~10+GB of system RAM; CPU isn't as huge a factor with this game), then you may find enjoyment with PUBG until the aformentioned honeymoon phase passes. If you want to play it but may not have others to play it with and don't need to scratch at that Arena-Style 'Battle Royale' itch, then I'd look elsewhere.  Either way, should you choose to pick it up, chances are you will likely find yourself getting frusterated with the game more often than not once that blissful phase of elated innocence passes and the bad really starts to poke out from this mangled heap of broken mechanics peiced sloppily together with duct-tape and glue... The Devs...As for the specifics, lets start with the devs backing PUBG ("Bluehole Ginno Games", or more specifically, their newly expanded subsidiary known as "PUBG Corp") who have made some pretty questionable decisions and statements throughout their games' time in Early Access. Such statements and decisions include the likes of: The (frankly) asinine statement they made regarding the 'Battle Royale' mode in Epic's game 'Fortnite'. The way they initially and continue to handle user banning within the community when it comes to abiding by their self-proclaimed "Rules Of Conduct".  The controversy related to the partnering with a Chinese VPN service, in-turn forcing a large part of their Chinese playerbase to pay to use servers that were more localized.  More recent developments surrounding the news of publishing agreement between 'PUBG Corp' and 'Tencent' and all the associated controversies relating to all that. Loot boxes and market items! (despite the creator stating that this wouldn't happen in early access)[www.gamasutra.com]...Suffice it to say the devs have had plenty of issues with their darling of a game and certainly haven't done much to make most consumers flock to their side. While consumers (that means you!) ought to know if the devs of a game do stuff that could be considered in violation of basic pro-consumer ideologies, none of this dictates the playability of the game, which we are going to dive into right about now!Technicalities: How PUBG swallows RAM & VRAM alive...This game is an absolute mess, technically speaking. Lets get the blunt and obvious out of the way. If you have 2GB VRAM or 8GB system RAM or lower, you should seriously look into buying a different game, or at the very least, read up on the issues this game has ('buildings don't load' is the short of it) when it comes to not having enough RAM / VRAM. As for other technical issues, here's what 400+hrs of my own personal gametime alongside experiences shared with friends has equated to: This game will crash, a lot. If it crashes in Fullscreen, it can sometimes lock up your PC entirely forcing a hard-reboot. The servers may, at complete random, crash, disconnect you, rubberband or simply drop your framerate to levels that even Powerpoint would look at with slighted disapproval. Unless a dev cares to say otherwise, your framerate is tied to the server, which is capped at 144fps  The servers being capped doesn't much matter when my GTX 980 struggles to get this game (on the lowest settings) above 80fps in most areas Hitreg, hitboxes and percieved damage outputs are inconsistent and vague at the best of times Shotguns are still broken Loot still spawns in late. Sometimes it will even spawn in front of your very eyes! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The game's sounds may randomly flip from your right-to-left ear and vice versa Occasionally sounds will entirely fail to play for effects Some sounds (buggy, boat & rain maps especially) are far louder than anything else in the game for no reason The bombing zones will sometimes cause clipping/overlapping audio. They can also cause the game to spontaneously crash The jumping and upcoming vaulting "systems" will make you appreciate the joys in being glued to the ground 24/7. Conclusion:Its been nearly a year since this game was put up on Early Access. As others have said, seeing PUBG go the way of games like H1Z1 & DayZ is not too far-fetched at this point, especially given the suprising lack of talk beyond PUBG's "1.0" release, which kind of feels like the last big thing this game may see. And that sort of breaks my heart, because despite PUBG being an absolute mess that is barely being held together, there are some moments this game has given me that no other game can rival. But between the devs and their actions, and the countless bugs and crashes I've endured, I can not recommend this game to anyone right now. It may be worth looking at when they exit Early Access sometime in the upcoming months, but until then, consider staying clear, especially if you have a budget PC.			
Posted: April 12	57	995	None	51	562.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
												They ♥♥♥♥ed up by breaking the promise of no microtransactions before leaving Early access.They ♥♥♥♥ed up when they said they need more time to test updates(they can't even do their bug fix updates without breaking something,thats with their ''testing'').Also why did they do test server updates that lasted for 1 day?Ah everyone forgot about that bull crap.They ♥♥♥♥ed up when they thought that they are the only ones allowed to make battle royale games.And now they want to take precautions against ''similar games'' ,currently Fortnite ,wee.If you play solo,you will see a ton of chinese players in EU teaming (Working Together) in solo mode and if you kill anyone you can get banned,because hello mass reports.Same in Squads with sometimes seeing 8 guys/girls walking around in red T-shirts with constant background noise on microphone and teaming on the 3/4 man squads.So the game needs more content,maps,new guns ,ect...  but instead lets add more crates and not the kind that you get for points and open for free,nooo.You get crates that you need 2.50$ key to open to get a 0,04 cent red shirt that you have 20 of .Overall if any other Battleroyale comes out that does semi realistic shooting and driving in it,pubg is dead on steam.Fortnite brought it down on its knees and the devs are just pushing whatever support they still have into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Instead of supporting their player base with new content and communication the instead push down more ways to get money out of people(from an already 30 $ pay to play game) and putting nothing of value for  players to enjoy.Don't get me wrong,you will (most likely) enjoy the game,hell,i was, i got my moneys worth of memories and good times ,the issue is with the devs how they treat the games fanbase as idiots and lie on constant basis or say nothing at all.			
Posted: April 12	2	22	None	51	260.6	Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
												===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☑ Fast☑ High end ☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]=== ☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☑ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]=== Multiplayer: YesSingleplayer: NoAdded words: Hackers will ruin your gaming session and enjoyment for this game so be warned when playing. But it also feels amazing when you kill one.			
Posted: April 12	2	25	None	51	57.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												Unoptimized piece of crashy♥♥♥♥♥♥Game gets constantly stuck on any loading screens and game can crash so hard you have to log out of your computer or crash your computer.And this is supposed to be full release?			
Posted: April 12	0	25	None	51	97.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21
												I honestly question how this is the most popular game on steam, there are so many other games that are better quality, cheaper and don't have so many god for saken cheaters on them. It's not like the developers care about the consumers, they are rolling in money basiclly over night.Do yourself a favor and stay away from this peice of over hype garbage.			
Posted: April 12	0	15	None	51	522.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is very esports ready. Cheaters ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early game lag, cross teamers. What a ♥♥♥♥in waste.Can you either get a better anti-cheat or just ping lock the ♥♥♥♥ing servers? I don't want any more ♥♥♥♥in (non-english speaking players) in OCE.UPDATE: STILL TRASH			
Posted: April 12	6	65	None	51	679.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												The game is released. Now nobody can tell me anymore that "it's early acces, you can not blame it for its mistakes".As fun as the game is, the frustration this game can cause due to various things that involve:- Rubberbanding- heavy lags on town districts- hackers - not the greatest servers compared to other shooters like csgo- various bugs, wonky physics- chinese players from china making up 50% of the european players or more. -> Them lagging all over the placeWill they fix it?Maybe?Is it too late? Yes.			
Posted: April 12	3	25	None	51	1,159.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												Every single match has hackers in it recently, without region locking the asian culture of acceptable hacking is destroyin this game.			
Posted: April 12	0	15	None	51	123.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
												V1.0 is here. If it was still in Early Access, I wouldn't have written this review. But one expects a better polished game with 1.0.- Desert map is buggy. You cannot shoot through a chicken fence!- Cannot choose what map you want to play on. So if you get desert map, gg you. Most of the time that is what you get.- Passenger seat is laggy for the passenger in certain vehicles, like the bike with side car.- You queue for Duo or 2 Squad, you go up against 3 players squad.- Don't even get me started on the servers that can't handle. Rubber banding all day (I play local servers, OC, on gigabit net. Don't think it's my net. Friends also complain about the rubber banding).Are they having a laugh calling this V1.0???V1.0 made some aspects worse. The new desert map is horrible. On the upside, everyone is in the same boat when on the map, so you're not at a serious disadvantage.My biggest complaint about the desert map is the broken fences. I was in a duo, we were 1 of 2 squads alive. Other squad was behind a fence. Both of us were shooting at the one guy behind the fence, not a single bullet landed, using sniper rifles. Once we are reloading, he just moved out from behind the fence and shot us. FIX THE DAMN FENCES!!! You go and release v1.0 with such crappy bugs as this, with no option not to play the damn map. I will keep this review in mind and change it once this♥♥♥♥♥♥is fixed.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	3	45	None	19	95.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												It just got released, and honestly, it feels almost worst than before.The optimisation got a little bit better, but it's still really bad. The netcode is horrible, sometimes it even makes the game unplayeble. Yes, there is new content, but it is worth nothing if you can't enjoy the game.If you want to buy it, I recommend you wait a year or so, because in it's current state - for me atleast - the game is just not fun.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	0	15	None	19	522.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is very esports ready. Cheaters ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early game lag, cross teamers. What a ♥♥♥♥in waste.Can you either get a better anti-cheat or just ping lock the ♥♥♥♥ing servers? I don't want any more ♥♥♥♥in (non-english speaking players) in OCE.UPDATE: STILL TRASH			
Posted: December 22, 2017	3	25	None	19	523.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24
PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS "PUBG"is a Battle-Royale, 100-players, Open-world MMOFPS/TPS set on a massive 8x8km land. The game supports solo, duo, and squad (3-4 ppl) play. Gameplay is very straightforward, you hop off a plane, loot weapons, armors, and equipments from buildings, and survive the thrilling PvP bloodbath.PUBG is obviously not the first massive battle-royale game out there, yet it stands on the pinnacle of its genre. As you may have known, PUBG has had a highly successful launch, securing a place on Steam's Top Seller game. If you're looking for a good battle-royale PvP, look no further. Firstoff all I'm not usually a Battle Royal player, but this game is perfect for my play style. the game is buggy as all hell. Literally anyone that's played this game for more than 2 hours will have run into at least 1 problem. Let's start off, PUBG does a lot of things right. The gunplay, when it works correctly, is phenomenal. It feels tight and responsive, the bullet physics feel accurate, and especially rewarding when landing long range shots. This is arguably it's strongest suit. The original map that the game launched with 'Erangel' is a great mix of different terrains and hotspots allowing different routes to be taken in order to achieve victory, and is easily the stronger map of the two. Despite the multitude of things that PUBG gets right, it gets so much wrong. Hackers are a major problem in this game, even after the implementation of PUBG Corp's proprietary Anti-Cheat. Wallhackers, Aimbotters, Norecoil. Hackers are rampant in this game. Ping abuse is another problem. There is a reason you see people spamming #RegionLockChina, and it's not an attempt at racist humour. Not in the slightest. People from countries such as China, tend to join NA and EU servers in order to abuse the fact thaat the desync in this game causes them to be able to demolish people without any issue due to the fact that they are next to impossible to shoot, due to their high ping.However, none of my complaints matter at the end of the day. I bought the game, PUBG Corp/Bluehole made their money, and that's all that counts at the end of the day. :DDo I recommend this game? Sure, I guess I do, winning in this game is a sheer adrenaline rush. It's unlike any other game I've ever played. Do I think you should buy this game? No. Not until this is a stable product, that has a handle on the hackers, has fixed the issues with servers, and has restricted access from players from a high ping locale. IMHO HANDS DOWN the BEST Battle Royale game released. 
Posted: December 22, 2017	0	38	None	19	32.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								They went back on their promise of no microtransactions during Early Access.Not to mention, the lag, bugs, desync, poor FPS in certain areas, grass render distance, etc.  Too many things to consider.The fact that they went back on their promise of no microtransactions shows a lot to me, and it shows that they don't respect their community.They aren't even offering a free alternative like most good games do.This game is a moneygrab by a terrible Korean dev that also ruined Tera.  Do not buy it, it's literally the same thing as H1Z1.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	3	28	None	19	262.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hackers, desync, ping issues, people from china playing on NA servers with 300 ping, joke of a game, total money grab			
Posted: December 22, 2017	2	51	None	19	745.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												While the gunplay is still my favorite out of any Battle Royale shooter, the devs are still milking every penny out of the community before they actually expand their tiny studio despite already having millions of dollars to easily get technical help... And then they copied Fortnite's pass system which in theory is good and dandy, but Fortnite's works because the game itself is free to play, while PUBG is $30...also ironic that you sue Fortnite over some petty similiarities but then shamelessly create a $10 pass system that is obviously inspired from Fortnite without realizing the irony...Edit: The Pass is misleading in that the coolest items in the pass are time limited and not permanent, as if you couldn't get more anti consumer: https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/8sj43y/psa_if_you_are_planning_to_buy_the_battle_pass/ 
Posted: December 22, 2017	2	97	None	19	338.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 2
												honestly pubg is a great concent. very fun because it is a little more realistic than most games, but there is so many hackers in this game that it legit ruins all the fun from the game. imagine this, you drop in a zone... kill the few people that dropped in the zone near you, and all of a sudden you got shot by someone who is over 300meters away using an AR and none of his bullets miss, and his aimer is not even anywhere near pointed at you. so if you like a game where the odds are against you not because there is 99 other players you need to fight through to earn that chicken dinner every player wants, but the fact that when you queue into a lobby. you have over a 75% chance to be in a lobby with an aim bot hacker, using wall hacks, and location hacks, and see through building hacks, and god knows what other hacks these losers need to use to win. so yeah. i dont recommend this garbage game. wasted 300hrs on this. and more than 50% of my death are probably hacker related. DO NOT RECOMMEND. oh and a side note. this game LOVES to add new crates into the game. were 70% of the crates also require you to buy a 2 dollar key. so yeah instead of wasting time doing pointless updates, and adding more petty ways to earn a dollar from us. try spending your money youve earned on a anti cheat system thats actually good, and maybe ill return back.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	89	718	None	19	629.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												Cheaters IN , Traders OUT !			
Posted: December 22, 2017	1	41	None	19	915.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								I have play 300 plus hours on this game and in the last week or so have experienced  at least three occasions of blatant aimbotting. I am not i hight ranked player I play purely for fun but this i really spoiling the gaming experience for me . And if this cotinues to be the case it will be a sad end to a very enjoyable game .As the game stands now i would not recommend you to buy it			
Posted: December 22, 2017	0	18	None	19	310.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 10
												PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS, this game was enjoyable at first but, after recent patches the devs have turned this ok game into a money grabbing buggy mess so i would not recommend buying this game.			
Posted: June 27, 2017	39	592	None	137	338.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is something that we've been waiting for long time Battle Royale game that make us try our hardest. I can say that it beat H1Z1 just by determination on the game autors it's pure game created for concept of Battle Royale, there's more options that let this game exist and also it's done by people that want to make it better and better all the time. I don't know how those people have so many brilliant ideas but it doesn't matter how difficult it will be to implement these ideas and they will do so. All this things getting and change game for better i think and nobody will change my opinion.I hope They Keep this game alive as long as possible :)			
Posted: June 27, 2017	33	392	None	137	127.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best adrenaline rush I've had from a game in a long time.10/10			
Posted: June 27, 2017	329	6101	None	137	500.2	Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												PUBG is like that one girl you fell in love with. She's great, she gets you, she's fun, she is everything you were looking for. She also turns out to be a gold digger, cheats on you more times then you know and makes you work for it just so you can pay for it too. You maybe start to realise she's really not as hot as she use to be. She never really loved you but she also need you to stick around a little longer. So she'll start feeding you good news, she'll try to change it up, wear new clothes and change her hair just to keep your interested, Oh which you've likely worked for and paid for, for her. And when things seem to get worse that's when she tells you she will change and everything will be ok but to be honest 4 years later nothing really will change and she's likely leaving you for a chinese man... if she hasn't already.			
Posted: June 27, 2017	1	21	None	137	257.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												For disclamer purposes:  I do enjoy the game with friends, but I don't recommend it to a certain type of players for the following reasons.(TL;DR below + possible solution)To the average casual gamer, PUBG can be a lot of fun since it's a game where everyone can find ways to get kills, even if they don't survive the match and have fun. But to the competitive gamer that relies on skill and intelligence it can be frustating.Do not expect a win-advantage if you are a skilled player. It's heavily based on RNG (Random number generator) which basically determines if you win or lose from the start of a match. My only personal way to enjoy the game is with friends: You double, triple or quadruple your chances (RNG) to aquire decent loot (weapons, meds, armour, cars etc.) and you boost your chances to make it far into the game (possibly win).The casino-like system within the game works either in your favour: plane trajectory over bigger areas, early survival loot (weapons, armour, meds, cars), close first zones, positioning advantage, etc....or the RNG works against you: plane trajectory over dense areas (low loot for high number of players), low to no early survival loot (pistols vs rifles, no armor/helmet, no meds, no cars), extremely far away first zones (+no car), positioning disadvantages (open fields, no cover), etc.Apart from the game itself, the developers deserve huge credit for creating such a popular and well-made game.TL;DRLoot/Weapon/Car RNG, positioning and zone (based purely on luck) are the primary factors to win.Skill, movement and intelligent play are secondary factors.Only recommened to people who play in groups and/or casually. Not recommended for solo/competitive players who only rely on skill.Feedback & Suggestion:Since the game is based on RNG, I would personally enjoy more ways or alternatives to promote intelligent and skillful gaming:-transparency over RNG: red zone probabilty, weapon drop percentage per density / buildings, etc.-different game modes: free-for-all in smaller zones (e.g. rifles only), training / aim servers with bots, etc.-improved first person experience: creating a skill ceiling for aimersI don't think PUBG should remove anything, just add more ways for players to improve their gaming experience (since 50 players die in the first 5-10 minutes of every match and only 1-4 players "win"). There are endless posibilities with an open world 100-player map game. I look forward to the future of PUBG.			
Posted: June 27, 2017	635	986	None	137	1,906.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								LOOT - RUN - DIE - REPEAT			
Posted: June 27, 2017	36	889	None	137	36.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								I am on the verge of recommending this game and not recommending it. I feel I am a bit more towards not recommending it since the game overall is not that special. It can be fun when playing with friends but the fun comes more from the tension created by interacting with your friends always watching out and being on the move since running around is really all you do for the most part. There is not much variety in the game. The game does not look amazing, but can run very poorly. even on a machine that should run the game smoothly, specially for how it looks.  Opening doors feels like its own game, since opening doors, getting into vehicles and picking up items is unresponsive and frustrating. The game shines in its combat and sound design though, specially in close quarters environments. Unfortunatelly most combat usually takes place near the end of the game. Turning into a who can flash, rush, hide or run around the closing circle the fastest competition. Unless you decide to drop into one of the large cities players frequent. In which case you will likely be fighting more often but at 20fps.Until the game is optimized more, made more responsive and injected with more variety in both graphics and gameplay, I will lean towards not recommending it.  
Posted: June 27, 2017	1	24	None	137	285.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2
												♥♥♥♥ this game they do updates all the time but never fix anything. "Fix PUBG" yeah right POS game.			
Posted: June 27, 2017	946	739	None	137	147.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												CHEATERMOSTKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS			
Posted: June 27, 2017	62	336	None	137	378.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 8
												Meh.I quit this game for the same reason I quit CS:GO. Two game killing reasons:#1: Lagg CompensationVery stupid technology that should NOT be used in competitive games. If you don't know what Lagg Compensation is, let these two examples encourage you to uninstall:#1.1: You're 100% certain you hit someone in the head. Yet you miss, and on the replay it shows you missed. WHY? Lagg Compensation.#1.2: You're 100% certain that you managed to escape behind a wall, but you die anyways, as if your butt had expanded far and beyond the depths of the universe, into the black hole of the gun-pipe shooting at you. WHY? Lagg Compensation.#2: CHEATERSDo I need to explain this?It used to be at least ONE cheater in every match you played. However, things have changed... there are more hackers now. In the past you would hope that a team would have killed the hacker half-way into the match. But nonono, now YOU will have to deal with a hacker ALMOST every game.(Just because someone else has to deal with the hacker, doesn't mean there are no hackers. This line exists for the braindead).So what kind of cheaters will you find in this game?WallhackAimbotNo-RecoilWalk-Through-Walls, (No-Clip. Yes, you can be looking at a door, waiting for the enemy to open it and walk out into your line of fire... yet you die for some reason. The death cam shows the enemy peeking through the wall to your far right, taking his time aiming at your head... because somewhere in this cheater's heart, there is diginity, the dignity not to use aimbot, because only noob cheaters use aimbot, real cheaters walk through walls and take their mother fu***** time to aim, right? (S-A-R-C-A-S-M)).Radar-Hack, they see every player on the map.Speed hackAnd other types of hacks that make losers feel better about themselves. Too bad there is no life-hack for them, ha ha ha, get it?#3 Random Bugs, that you would expect would have been fixed after years in testing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8o4TCflbAY---------------So those were the cons, now it is time for the pros:Meh, I guess if you don't take the game seriously and just play for fun, then who cares! Do some roleplaying, enjoy driving around in a car or boat. Troll people like going inside their car, or make traps. Stalk people and see how far you can make it before they realize it. There is plently of fun to have in this game as long as you don't play competitively.- King Ahmad--------------Additions based on comments.To those who keep saying there are no hackers:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pvS6lbFVvUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fd9yTNKOCoConcerning Lagg CompensationYes, lagg compensation is very good in online Player vs Environment situations. But not so in Player vs Player situations. It is just a lazy technology for cheap game developers NOT to invest in many server points spread out across the globe, who instead focus on BIG server points in specific areas in the world. It is a technology born because of the current limitation in data transfer over large distances; to compensate for the discrepancy caused by the physical distance that DATA has to travel; from the processor sending the DATA, to the processor receiving the DATA. The only thing lagg compensation does, is cover up the DATA loss, it doesn’t actually solve the physical issue (only a physical solution can solve a physical issue, one progress is IPv6, but that was the solution for a completely different problem). What lagg compensation tries to do is repair the damage VIRTUALLY using a prediction algorithm to decide what really happening. Basically, it tells the server to run a simulation… taxing the server’s processor… all while the game is still running for the other players. Now imagine this process running for every bullet that every player shoots. That’s a lot of wasted processing power just to satisfy customers who cry over “choppy” movements. But lagg compensation also works with movement prediction technology. Which means that during the simulation, the server will try to predict your movement using what IT BELIEVES you wanted to do. So let’s say you hold W, and then you see an enemy so you push A to dodge their line of fire. Here is the funny part. The simulation might predict that as if you were moving forward while strafing to the left, instead of stopping your forward movement. This explains that rubber-banding-feeling where you go “heeey, that’s not right, I didn’t even move there”, it is because the simulation is based on the PREDICTION of your movement, not your actual input. Lagg compensation is actually great for people with slow reaction times, however, for people with a fast reaction time… it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Games feel heavy, character movement is clumsy, and unresponsive, even if we have a super computer and the best connection available. But yes, lagg compensation is very important, to give customers a smooth experience… however, please don’t pretend that it is competitive gaming, because that’s just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.			
Posted: June 27, 2017	64	581	None	137	629.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28
												After spending almost 400 hours on this game I thought I should write a review about this one. Let's start PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS is a lot of fun with friends even solo but those devs at Bluehole don't know nothing expect how to earn more money because they haven't earned enough by selling copies of the game. The game is simply unplayable this is a joke full release game, there's tons of bugs, servers issue, desync, cheaters, etc. Simply they pushed 1.0 full release so more people can buy the game because it got popular meanwhile the game is not even finished and it's so bad being handled by Bluehole devs, really. All those guys want is money, money, and money nothing else. The game optimization it's not how it's supposed to be when a game gets released first thing that they should have made perfect it should have been the game optimization but no. Game still runs like crap, lets not even talk about crashes, oh and let's not even forget that the "parachute bug that when you land you get stuck" still exist believe it or not, and you call this a full released game BlueHole? No, this is not a full released game. This game is simply a joke to Bluehole. Like I said those guys only want money nothing else, why aren't they working on the game optimization, bug, cheaters? Because they probably don't want or either those devs are simply so bad that they cant handle their own game. Meanwhile they add emotes and skins that nobody asked for, this is a joke. Everyone who paid for this game simply got scammed. Steam should never ever let EA games on Steam anymore. This is the last time I paid for an EA game. This is not full release, this is a scam. WE ALL GOT SCAMMED.Oh, and the reason I have so many hours is because of the crates.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	0	11	None	150	238.5	Recommended	
Posted: May 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								While there are still many bugs and glitches in early access period, the gameplay is really fun and so addictive. The devs are doing their job well in fixing bugs (even there are still some). It's more fun when you play with friends either in duo or squad. What I'd like the devs to improve is adding more servers to cover all the region, so there'll be no advantage / disadvantage due to lagging or high ping.Overall, I recommend this game as it's fun and keeps adrenaline rushing.*edit*I wish the dev would add more maps, not just the weather, because this map is getting boring.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	1	11	None	150	886.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Updated as of March 1st 2018 October 7th 2018> Be PUBG Corp.> sell 25+50+ million copies> use chinese players to boost your numbers on Steam to #1 CCU(because, you know: being #1 (just like China) sells copies like crazy and is good for PR)> release a more or less functional "1.0" build to cash in on Christmas sales, yet still have the ♥♥♥♥♥iest excuse of a netcode that rubberbands, desyncs and lags all over the place> watch every region get overrun by chinese cheaters, creating a both beautiful and sad dumpsterfire of an online experience, where high-MMR players regularly encounter obviously blatant cheaters in 50%+ of their games.> be like ¯\_(ツ)_/¯If you think about buying PUBG, DON'T. While the core gameplay might be enjoyable, the cheating situation is completely out of hands as soon as you reach a somewhat decent matchmaking rating (MMR). Meanwhile the netcode favors high-pingers and you'll regularly die behind cover due to people abusing this fact with lag-switches or simply queuing up from regions where they shouldn't even be allowed to. Up until 1.0 the liveclient was pretty much unplayable due to cheaters for 3+ months, now with 1.0 the new wave of cheats brought a situation even worse than before. And if you don't believe me, just watch the dumpsterfire unfold on the r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS subreddit, the discord server or catch a few threads on the official forums before they get closed and deleted. The game needs strict REGION- and PING-LOCKS, asap.Update (March 2018):As expected by the weeks of deafening silence, the devs half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥their implementation of "ping-restrictions" and instead went for "ping-prioritization" in matchmaking. What this means is that you'll be facing slightly less high-ping players if your connection is stable and if there are enough people playing in the region you queued up for, but since the matchmaking does care more about fast matches than fair ones, you'll encounter blatantly obvious cheaters and chinese high-ping players in EU just as regular as before. The anti-cheat system is a goddamn joke. The ban-system doesn't even use HWID bans, hell they didn't even ban the owner-accounts of family-shared cheater-subs. These devs give no flying ♥♥♥♥ about their western audience and they basically threw the player-base under the bus in favor of inflated CCU numbers and pleasing their chinese net-cafe customers [that cheat and ruin games, get banned way too late/inefficiently and therefore simply create new accounts, rinse&repeat] just to keep PUBG up in the steam top10 list.Stay far away from this steaming pile of hot garbage. The game doesn't value your time, neither do the developers value their players (well: besides kiddy-advertisers streamers) and PUBG Corp.'s PR department might as well be run by patients in a persistent vegetative state. When they're not busy playing dead you can expect a whole lot of "literally nothing" bundled with some PR fluff and new loot-boxes. The fact that it took them almost 3 months to scramble together the intention (!) of coming up with a roadmap (read: vague ideas after the dog ate the PR department's homework; expected to be revealed in March; literally an announcement of an announcement) to PUBG's further development says it all.This game is the definition of streamer-bait coupled with a developer studio whose work schedule is somehow, coincidentally trapped in this weird foreign timezone of UTC+AmateurHour.Update October 2018:Yeah, so about "region-locks"...PUBG Corp. half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥another half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥another attempt of "fixing" the high-pinger / out-of-region-players problem, this is what they did with update #22:We’ve also updated how regions work in general, so that the server closest to you will automatically be preferred when the matching pool in that region is sufficient. If that matching pool doesn’t have sufficient players, the next closest server will be chosen.After 1 1/2 years of players begging them to region-lock China (because there's no reason a 400ms+ ping-warrior should be able to queue with you in EU / NA) or at least properly ping-locking players to their closest server-region, the "solution" for this long-term problem was half-baked from the get-go.They truly don't care about the gameplay experience of their players as long as new accounts (from 13 million banned cheaters) are generating new income for them. We still don't have HWID bans. We regularly see blatant cheaters (who are reported, temp-banned, then "permanently banned") that are somehow getting unbanned a few weeks later to wreak havoc again. It's ridiculous. These devs have learned nothing.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	4	11	None	150	110.5	Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is lit!!!			
Posted: May 17, 2017	0	11	None	150	70.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												I originally started playing this way back in the day in early access. I put off the decision to purchase it due to perceived lack of polish from the footage I had seen. It simply seemed way too clunky and unfinished for me to enjoy. However, bunch of friends eventually convinced me to give it a try. I was right. It was a mess for the lack of a better way to describe it. Graphics were ugly (Think ARMA, only worse. And I'm not talking about ARMA 3). Movement mechanics were clunky, performance was horrible, the LOD made everything look like a person from the distance. So many times a bush was mistaken for a person while running.. Inventory management was slow and unintuitive. Sounds were unimpressive and made it very hard to pinpoint where footsteps were being originated from. Driving mechanics were pretty bad and the physics were way off, cars occasionally doing some impressive acrobatic trickeries.All in all, not enjoyable. I did keep playing with friends however. And some good times were had. But there was always the irritated feel when running into the huge amount of issues the game had. So I took a lot of breaks from the game. Only popping back in when people swore the last few patches "changed so much". Only to be disappointed. The framerate climbed up slightly, but still being way below acceptable for a game with such low graphical fidelity. All the clunkiness was still there. Did give me a chuckle when they made such a huge fuss about adding vaulting though. A thing that always should have been there.I refrained from posting any negative reviews or uninstalling as it was still a game in development. But even after over a year in early access and a full release out, it's still an unfinished mess in my book. It's especially sad considering all the other BR-type games that have been released after it with much more polish.TL;DR; Unoptimized, clunky, duct-taped together product that can provide some good times. Not worth my money.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	0	11	None	150	158.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												Money grubbing game through and through. Glitchy, priced like a AAA, cosmetics that require lottery luck.. and now  they went and stole Fortnite's 'event pass' idea. Tencent made a poor investment here. Shame because there used to be something special here.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	0	11	None	150	745.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2017
												Worst 1.0 release ever. Instead of fixing the game they broke it, every round starts with insane lags and rubber banding.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	3	11	None	150	742.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												PLAYERCHINESE BUGGROUNDS			
Posted: May 17, 2017	0	30	None	150	182.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Dont buy this game, the developers are milking it instead of finishing the game, the player base is abondening it for this reason.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	84	1145	None	150	199.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 15, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								This game should not be a nominee for Game of the Year.Anyone will tell you it doesn't deserve it, and anyone who votes for it is living a lie.Unoptimised, poor hacker control, boundless amount of glitches. The only satisfying thing about PUBG is landing a multikill, making a long ranged kill, and winning.For every satisfying moment, there is 700 unsatisfying moments to follow it.For a game that looks like♥♥♥♥♥ you need a supercomputer to run it and even then desync issues are the games downfall.If you're looking through the reviews and want an honest opinion on buying this game, here's your answer; don't. Until Bluehole actually decides to do something about the hackers and poor optimisation you are better off playing Fortnite Battle Royal (Which by the way I don't even like and I'm STILL recommending it) because it's completely free, 100% optimised for even low end rigs and the developers actually seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about feedback.Bluehole, instead of trying to take them to court you should be learning from them about how to actually make a polished game. Until you do, I'll continue to fight against your nomination for GOTY. You don't deserve it.'Til then, I continue to play, hoping that by doing so I eventually will get so sick of it that I'll uninstall and tell my competitive gaming nature to ♥♥♥♥ off, because that's the only thing keeping me playing.			
Posted: May 17, 2017	17	230	None	150	501.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								This is the first time I have written a review for any game so take it for what it is worth.The main reason why I am writing this review is to say how awesome this game is. Keep in mind that it is early access so there is some work that needs to be done, but as it is right now its a great game.I was a little hesitant to get into DayZ or H1Z1 just because of all the negativity revolved around those games which was unfortunate because survival PvP games are my favorite. I haven't played many simply because people who play them typically ruin the game and it was hard to find out that leveled the playing field, but still made it intense and fun enough to play. I personally do not use any cheating software and I have no idea how to get or have any desire to, but I feel like this game does have some cheaters in it which is very disapointing.Besides that the game is really fun. With it only having one game mode I keep finding myself going back for more but, I can only play 2 or 3 rounds every time just because you invest so much each time you play which I love!! You really have to think during the game and try to anticipate the other players moves. I saw a guy block one of the bridges to cross with vehicles and I was impressed that people come up with in game strategies to gain an upper hand. If you use outside sources to cheat then I wish your PC will spontaneously combust cause you ruin it for everyone else you low life.Over all the game is a great platform that levels the playing field for all players and its up to how skilled you are and some times how lucky you can get. I haven't played the game multiple times and each time there is a different out come or I go a different path. I highly recommend this game and this is why I wrote this review because I felt that I had an obligation to testify to the greatness and simplisty of this game.			
Posted: March 10	0	14	None	165	93.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Region lock China, not a fun experience anymore			
Posted: March 10	1	14	None	165	305.8	Recommended	
Posted: June 13, 2017
												This is the best Battle Royale game out there. The shooting mechanics are the best in this genre, and the devs maintain a constant update stream to it with new guns, vehicles and  even a new map! The only issues with it its the performance, even after leasing early access the fps doesn't correlate to the hardware and the game's visual quality. More fun with friends.			
Posted: March 10	1	14	None	165	2,686.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
												Until you fix your ridiculous bugs , this will remain a negative. instead of making a new map . fix your ******* bugs and optimize your ****			
Posted: March 10	2	14	None	165	926.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												if you like getting killed by hackers this is the game for you			
Posted: March 10	2	14	None	165	339.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												- Tons of bugs-♥♥♥♥♥♥hitreg / pathetic tickrate- Still UNOPTIMIZED (I even meet the recommended settings, yet getting random lag spikes down to 20-30FPS with ALL settings on MINIMUM)- Other players that are going to the nearest compounds simply don't render/show up - you can only hear their parachutes when they land next to you- On Ultra this game looks how it should in 2018. The only problem with that is you can't see enemies hiding in the bushes hence it is so detailed. If you turn everything down you can spot enemies WAY easier, about 400m away grass just doesn't render you can see enemies lying on the ground in the middle of nowhere - while from their perspective they are hiding in the tall grass- Poor server performance- Devs don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥except adding new skins and crates- Can't change zeroing distance on any sights/scopes except 8xThis game does not worth €30! Don't buy it! I still play it though since there are no such consequences of losing a match like in CSGO			
Posted: March 10	5	14	None	165	62.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
												Where does my money go?Even Ubisoft got better servers than you guys.I mean, If you are having a badass party using OUR money,INVITE US AT LEAST.			
Posted: March 10	1	14	None	165	60.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is a Battle Royale Third/First Person Shooter made by Bluemoon studio in 2016 and is currently the most popular game on Steam. The game also has been ported to Xbox One.About the plot, 90-100 volunteers are sent to Erengel Island or Miramar region to take part in a massive Battle Royale (If you never heard of it this is a type of competition where all the contestants must kill each other and be the last survivor, this term was first used in japanese novel "Battle Royale" however it became popular when "The Hunger Games" were released.) and win a golden chicken... that's it. Kinda dissapointing because I was searching for some hidden history on those maps. Why these areas are abandoned? Is Battlegrounds legal? Who organise it and how did they got so many equipment and vehicles? You will not find anything like this, just some posters and graffiti promoting developers.Every player can dispatch from a plane whenever he wants and land in any place of the map, some time after a safe zone will be set, you must find equipment and get there before time ends, if not your health will decrease. This zone however will become smaller with every 5 minutes, and if you will stay too long in one place you will be bombed, so wise use of multiple weapons, outfits, vehicles and consumables will give you a chance to survive. Sometimes luck is a decisive factor, you never know if someone is following you until you hear footsteps or be shot already. All the fun is about decisions and the risk. If you are smart you already noticed that you can just land near a boat and dive under it till safe zone is not forcing you to stop (first 20 guaranteed).Optimalisation is still not perfect but it was improved since debut in early access, still to achieve 60 stable frames you need to play on lowest settings and textures are loading very long.After every match we receive amount of battlecoins which can be spent on crates. You can open them and hope to get rare item or just sell it on steam market to buy other games (Recommended), 4 types are available, but they are completely random.Steam will not let me to give it a mediocre rate so I am forced to give a negative note. 4,8/10. I admit that it is huge and still expanded, no pay2win or anything but it lacks anything that could keep me for longer, except selling crates but grinding will make you bored even faster. PS:If you are going to buy it, and I know you will because everyone are ignoring negative reviews of this game then you should catch those tips:-Do not wear shoes because with them your footsteps are louder.-Take frying pan everytime you see one, it can reflect up to 3 bullets which makes completely no sense at all.-Using a vehicle is safest and fastest way to kill someone.-First person view is much less safe than third person one.-Shotgun range of fire is not limited like in other games so it is not worse than machine gun.-Hide in high grass often.-Loot drops are not worth the risk.-If you are not brave, hide in water a lot.-Learn to communicate if you are playing duo or team variant.-Good use of your controls will make you land faster when you use parachute.			
Posted: March 10	42	33	None	165	103.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												We need to build a firewall and make China pay for it all. China's not sending their best folks. They are sending cheaters, people who don't english, and bad players. Some I assume are good people.			
Posted: March 10	411	3657	None	165	203.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG is what you get when the wrong company accidentally creates a game so fun that people put up with laggy rubberbanding, bullets that don't register, low quality copy/paste modeling and texturing, and hourly game crashes.It's rewarding and frusterating at the same time.			
Posted: March 10	212	2226	None	165	195.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 23, 2017
Early Access Review
How to make 100's of millions in a few months with barely any effort:1: Take a really fun idea for a game (it has to be survival & multiplayer so your friends will pressure you into getting it)2: Get an engine and make a handful of lazy assets (you can just asset flip them if you want extra super lazy dev points)3: Make a map and fill it with the same boring assets over and over4: Release game in barely playable state in Early Access but charge full price5: Don't bother optimising or adding content but make sure you add microtransactions instead6: Steal underpants7: Don't bother doing any more work, you're already a millionaire so screw the people who paid for your gameAnd there you have it. An exact transcript from the preliminary development meeting at Bluehole...PS: I have actually enjoyed about half the time I've spent in this game (when its not lagging crashing or bugging out), but the way things are going with the developers the future of this game looks extremely bleak. Just like DayZ standalone, it will never be finished because they don't have to care any more. Prove me wrong Bluehole, prove me wrong.			
Posted: March 26, 2017	726	439	None	190	82.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								I learned from this game that China is number one.			
Posted: March 26, 2017	16	228	None	190	14.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is great, but the optimization still isn't there as it is an Early Access game. Running on i7-6700 4.0ghz, Nvidia 1060, 16GB 2400 ram, gaming mobo, etc... On low, I get around 70-90 FPS.  Haven't even bothered trying the higher settings as I like to have higher FPS rather than pretty graphics. If you have a potato PC, better off waiting for the game to be optimized.			
Posted: March 26, 2017	2355	2098	None	190	492.8	Recommended	
Posted: June 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								1. Join a game2. Follow me, im a snake.3. China number one.4. Inaudible screeching in plane. 5. RageRepeat			
Posted: March 26, 2017	1	17	None	190	102.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								GTX 760 8GB RAM I7260060 outside60 inside small buildings 45 in big cities40 when looking at open fields filled with buildings 
Posted: March 26, 2017	0	17	None	190	290.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
Product received for free
												Still hackers...uninstalling...Play Fortnite instead			
Posted: March 26, 2017	1	17	None	190	340.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
												brace yourself...CHEATERS EVERYWHERE- Update patch 1.0Server very buggy not make you happy but only angrynot worth for play nownot fun like before			
Posted: March 26, 2017	0	17	None	190	938.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												I loved this game, but its no more fun becouse of cheaters. I dont know if im just unlucky, but i found cheaters in 8 of 10 games. If developers dont resolve the situation this game will die. Dont buy it in its current state.			
Posted: March 26, 2017	0	17	None	190	479.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												How about fixing your game problems before adding new content?			
Posted: March 26, 2017	1	17	None	190	202.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2
												I loved this game. It was like watching a poor child go from rags to riches. It was like seeing the underdog beat champion after champion. Plus, the game was half priced!There were lootboxes at first. The lootboxes were not ideal, but they were free! Then the first paid box: the Gamescom Invitational. This was alright though because it was only one box, and the proceeds funded the tourney. That's fine!That's where it started. Then it became the worst of the worst.MICROTRANSACTIONS!When you buy a lootbox with ingame currency, YOU DO NOT KNOW WHICH LOOT BOX YOU WILL GET! There are free crates and paid crates, which require keys for $2.50. There is 50/50 chance that the lootbox you buy with ingame currency will still require a KEY which goes for $2.50! YOU OPEN A LOOTBOX OF LOOTBOXES AND RNG DECIDES WHETHER OR NOT YOU GET TO EVEN OPEN THAT BOX FOR FREE!Let's talk about the Battlepass! Bluehole charges people $10 for a for a pass to unlock challenges for cosmetics. These challenges last a few weeks. The common cosmetic unlocks are yours forever, but RARE COSMETICS UNLOCKED VIA BATTLEPASS ARE TIMED COSMETICS! YOU LOSE THEM WHEN YOUR PASS IS UP!"FIX PUBG"BLUEHOLE! YOUR GAME DOESN'T WORK. IT HAS BEEN OVER A YEAR AND YOUR GAME STILL RUNS WORSE THAN MY GRANDMA AFTER HER KIDNEY TRANSPLANT! Bluehole made a big "FIX PUBG" initiative where they laid out a roadmap for patches and optimization. Does this need to be explained in detail to see how repulsive this behavior is? Bluehole didn't care about performance until the review bombs started, and now the company tries to place itself as the "PRO-CONSUMER GOOD NICE GUY" for making patches when the issues the company is addressing should have been fixed well before the 1.0 launch.NO CONTENT!Content drops are few and far between. A new gun is added once per total solar eclipse and a new map is like seeing Halley's Comet in the night sky.Bluehole drip-fed consumers bad content, made little to no effort to fix their game and instead pumped development resources into microtransaction and monitization strategies. This is a game which could have been, and was, incredible. It has been ruined by greed.			
Posted: March 26, 2017	2	17	None	190	423.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23
												GAME : 15 usdPC : 900 usdSERVER : 1 usdOwned by Chinese cheater and the Devs have no clue how to fix it.			
Posted: June 2	1899	3064	None	91	23.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 2
												Good game, decent optimization. One problem,▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: June 2	1	42	None	91	1,178.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												After 1100 hours of PUBG, i can finally review this game. it is good. not great not amazing, just good.This is an average shooter at best, but everyone plays it so it looks better than it really is.All of my friends are blinded by nostalgia for the game and they refuse to accept that the game itself is dying.Things to take into consideration before buying the game.#1 They only release cash grab content.  (IE: Crates of cosmetics that cost an additional $2.50 to open, even after hours of hardwork and grinding to even get a crate with ingame currency, and now this Sanhok Event Pass which dont even get me started, they have TIMED cosmetics given to you. are you ♥♥♥♥ing for real? i earn a item in game that goes away regardless of buying your stupid pass?)#2 the Netcode ala server stability. so many times have i died to rubber banding or "network error detected" For a company who advertises how popular the game is how much money they make etc etc. they dont spend a dime on improving the games servers or netcode to modern standards. #3 Hackers, not as prevalent now as it used to be when they opened the gates to chinese playerbases, but the fact remains they do very litle in managing cheating prevention. sure we have battle eye, but battle eye sucks and everyone knows it, i used to script hack Arma 2 DAYZ all the time with just one program (CE) and im just an amateur cheater.  I dont care how much they advertise cheat prevention, its way too easy to get around.i could go on for more bullet points but this should suffice, the game is good at best and is worht 30 dollars to play it, i do not however recommend you ever buy keys for crates. if you do play the game only sell your stupid crates for 3 cents on steam market and be done with it.			
Posted: June 2	2	42	None	91	286.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												Way too many bugs for a fully released game			
Posted: June 2	1	20	None	91	398.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
												Region. Lock. China.▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█  
Posted: June 2	2	20	None	91	188.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												At the beginning of your playtime this game seems good and fun. But when you play It more than 100 hours It becomes a monster. Bugs seems more clear, luck is more important than skill etc. There is no fun anymore just hatred and anger.			
Posted: June 2	4	23	None	91	3.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 6
												-rep I've bought crate keys but I couldn't trade them			
Posted: June 2	0	26	None	91	19.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Poor optimization，LAG and China hacker			
Posted: June 2	7	26	None	91	145.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 17
												this game gets worse with every update, boring, slow game that needs to die out fast			
Posted: June 2	466	683	None	91	227.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								RIP H1Z1			
Posted: June 2	10	136	None	91	1,363.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Update on the review as the changes for 10/21/2017 and prior.Wow. Haven't updated this for 2 months and to be honest there is good reason for that. The last update i talked about how the 8/12 patch ruined the game harder than expected and well i can tell you the bugs and issues are still rising to which feels like a soon collapse.With more and more users coming to the game no matter what due to the popularity on stream,   youtube, and now even more celebs using the game while talking about it. We seen a huge rocket in users at peak. With this came issues with the crappy web page based menu which would see crashes and login errors due to massive numbers trying to use the game at once. This could be fixed by making a que system for game and at least making the menu a proper coded non-HTML mess but that is more for people who understand that sh*t to really ellaborate on as i personally am not savvy enough to talk more about it. So along with those issues what is is wrong? You ask.Well a lot of things. The biggest problem right now is the rise of hackers, for a good while they were there, but not very present in the world, you would bump into one at least once every 50 or more rounds (well that was what it was like for me if not even more rounds between an obvious one). Now you will see one every second game and if you are unlucky to be playing in a region plagued with them you won't go one game without some form of cheating going on in game. Battle eye is banning, which is nice, but the fact the Asian market (not all asians cheat i know and i am not saying they are, but majority come from there you have to agree) has flooded with cheaters who use the ingame battle points system to earn steam wallet then turn it into real cash allows them along with cheaper keys, allow their accounts to get banned without them batting an eye. This just means the ones who get banned will just come back with another account and cheat again so they can keep the cycle up to make money. This is the major reason why i have always been against cosmetics and market systems in games and always will be. I love cosmetics as a choice to alter your character don't get me wrong but connecting it to any market place will always make insentive for cheating, account stealing and gambling which is never a good thing for a game ever.I still love this game but the issues are so large i can't even add them on this updated post.. i just need this game to get its sh*t together for crying out loud. I love this game and still support bluehole, but i need them to get it together.--------Let me start by saying this is the best battle royal game i have played and i have played all (this includes every mod based battle royal too.) except h1z1's but that waas due to UI and loot mechanics(i didnt like the inventory).First ill give the pro points.PRO:-Large map, it has a lot of areas from thick forest to thinned out forest and lots of cover from rocks to bushes and other random set pieces. Lots of swimmable areas and even a town that is flooded. Military bases and military checkpoints all the way to hunting huts. There are also nice little hidden loot spots too which is nice.-Loot. As said, every building you can see spawns loot. All of them. There is not one human made structure that doesn't give you loot.-Weapons. As of now there isn't a massive array of weaponary but what is there is very useful, from pisols, smg to sniper rifles ALL have a high leathality. My highest killing gun is the UMP which is a 9mm varient in this game and it destroys people within 20meters. There is not one gun that doesn't feel like it is useless.-Buildings. All are very well designed and i feel that the layout inside feels realistic to what a house would have. I mean compared to something like ARMA where you don't know where someone would sleep let alone take a dump this game actually has toilets, pantrys, bedrooms and kitchens. This is useful because it lets you pick better locations in side of the house to have a gunfight in and more objects to hide behind. -Servers. OCE, Asian, South American, North American and Euro as of now are in the game, which is nice. The latency is great and i have not had one issue yet with my connection to any of the servers i have tried (Asian, NA and OCE) with 180ms to NA servers and 30ms to OCE servers. -Server load. 100 people in a lobby/match. Short que time with minimal lobby time wait of only 2 minutes tops. If the lobby notices that no one else is joining it will auto start the game after a count down. This means you can have 30 or so people in a lobby then it will start which can at times be annoying but still is nice if you want to play late at night and just have a  really intense match with a small amount of people.-Cars/boat. 3 to choose from at the moment and one boat. All drive very nice compared to Wildlands(the ubisoft game) with minimal issues bar one for me which is that some times it takes a while for the game to notice im trying to enter the car. Not sure if bug or just locational activation issue.-Weather. It can rain. Not sure if anything else but its nice to have that feature to change up the match. I personally hate it because you can hardly hear anyone around you plus it causes frame issues for me but thats because my computer is pretty garbage.-Team and solo mode. Okay now this is what worried me about this game. But it was instantly settled once i started playing. Solo means SOLO no teams at all or teaming. I mean people could team up but i have never seen it. Duo is 2 people only, and Squad is up to 4 players, you can enter with 2 or 4 if  you want, or you can just go totally solo into squad for an insane challange. Medical supplies. It takes time to use meds, i know as a BR player healing can be very irritating to deal with in a fight as some can be fast and others non-existant. In this game it takes 3 seconds for Bandage, 6 for pain pills(which is an over time heal) 6 for first aid kits, and 10 seconds or more for Medkit. CONS:-LOD issues. I personally get this because i have a normal HDD which is very old and needs to be replaced. But some other people i know have had this issue before. It causes buildings not to load in properly and feels like you are running 1-2fps. You think its  your GPU but it isn't its your HDD or RAM being overloaded so it causes the computer to freeze up. A good fix for this is to make sure nothing else is running in the background prior to joining a game. This issue can last as long as your HDD is jammed up or at 100% load. -Terrain/map issues. Remember with an Alpha or BETA game you will always run into these. Some times if you jump up onto something, it will get you stuck, and there are some locations on the ground or next to walls which will cause this same issue where you are floating. There are also some invisible walls but very few of those.-Overall Optomization. Pretty much not fully optomized. Expect to change your settings to medium or low/verylow. This can be a pain but later the game will be fully optomized so just take your time.-Voice chat. Lots of spam so you may aswell turn it off most times. -Price. Pretty high right now so it can put you off. But if you love Battle Royal games it is so damn worth it i swear on me mum. Other than that i can't think of any other problems with the game. I am by no means a fanboi of this game i didn't even try get an Alpha version when they offered it. I thought it would be another Culling or a crappy version of H1Z1 but i am happily proven wrong. I know there are probably more pros/cons i could add but right now none are so glaringly visable that i need to add to this review. The only thing that bothers me the most is just my own hardware not keeping up with this game and that i can fix myself in my own time.REMEMBER THIS IS A BETA RELEASE REVIEW. I will continue to update this as they update their game.			
Posted: April 1, 2017	10	89	None	1,255	114.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
Dunno why, but I love the atmospheric rainy weather and Chicken Dinner. <3╔PROS╗ Developed with community feedback! Made by Brendan Greene. (BR: Arma 2 Mod)   Lot of intense, adrenaline and unforgettable moments. Good looking & fresh graphics. (Unreal-4-Engine) Acceptable ingame-balance so far. (e.g. weapon spawns) Good reward system. (Still in progress) Simple but effective weapon variety and customization. No random spawn, you "decide" where to land on an massive 8x8 km island. Work hard against cheater. Battle-Eye, forum and algorithm demo search.Very good & smooth menu guidance. (Highlight matching parts) Early access game, yes - but core mechanics of the game are 99% solid.╔CONS╗ For some people performance needs to improve. (But they work on it) Movement animation looks sometimes bit strange. (Maybe because of lags?) Hitboxes sometimes doesn't fit. (Lags?) Some distance graphic bugs, which can cause advantages. (e.g. shoot trough not loaded trees/stones) Sometimes the start of a match is unplayable laggy. (EU Servers)╠OVERALL╣Personally I play with around 40-80 fps (i7-4790K,16GB,GTX 960-4GB) and it's surprisingly enough. In my eyes, ~9/10 matches telling their own exciting story and only ~1/10 matches are frustrating because of bugs/lags. But the Developers are working hard and promissed to final release it in 6 months. In its current state and my experience 04/02/17, its my new first place BATTLE ROYAL game and 100% worth the price tag.@ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸( 8,5/10 )¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸@╠ADDITIONALS╣[How to Fix fast FPS-Issues] by viRo369Go to Library > right click PUB > PropertiesClick on "Steam Launch Options"Add the following into your steam launch commands: -USEALLAVAILABLECORES -malloc=system[How to FPS-Boost Guide] by azgoodaz[How to change the FOV] by ʏᴏᴜʀᴇPRIME 
Posted: April 1, 2017	0	10	None	1,255	628.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Want to spend $30 on game, and not realize how much you hate it until 300 hours in? Buy this piece of *****			
Posted: April 1, 2017	2	10	None	1,255	24.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
												What started out as a great project with a lot promise got destroyed by 2 things:- Devs- StreamersDevs:They have their focus on the wrong priorities. Right now the game is at a pretty good stage content wise, but stability wise it needs a lot improvements. This applies to server side and optimization.They also tend to listen to a small bit of revenue called streamers, instead of the bigger audience. Banning people by using information they obtained through legitimate methods ISN'T what banning is supposed to be for. Sure this won't ever get read by them due to 170k+ of reviews but still I feel like voicing my opinion. Streamers:This paradise of special snowflakes is where the real issue is at. They pressure the devs and the devs fall for it. If you decide to blatantly put out all your information to the whole wide world then you are a FOOL. It is a battle royale. If you stream blur out your map or something if you really have to or put up a 5 minute delay, it ain't that hard.. unless you ofcourse lack a few braincells. So apart from this, due to all the ranting of these special snow flakes the devs decided on banning people that made use of watching streams (and those that didn't but still got a kill). Aparantly if you kill someone you can never be better than that person if it is a streamer so you get banned. They believe they are the best in the game and when they get killed they always think it's a stream sniper. I sure do hope the devs redeem themselves again, because fortnite is taking advantage of their stupid mistakes.I am honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that some of my mates that I used to play with got banned over no reason. Apparantly they were stream sniping DURING our lan-party... where each person had 1 monitor... with pubg full screen. As of now I don't recommend this game. You will get banned sooner or later because some special snowflake will think they are important enough for you to watch their streams and hunt them down. And this will get you banned even if you have never heard of them before, which so far has been the case for 99% of the bans. Go look for a different battle royale until the devs get their priorities right.Edit:There have been 2 ban waves since I first posted my review in which 2 times A LOT innocent people were banned.Edit 2:They are sueing Epic Games because they think they own the genre "battle royale" even though a dozen of games and movies were way earlier.There is no reason to buy and support this game.And yes the game still isn't optimized. They rather implement more issues and sue companies instead of fixing their own product.Edit 3:And another banwave hit a lot innocent players, however this time when they submit a ticket to appeal for their ban (many people showed similar results) the staff says that nothing is wrong with their ban system, resulting in many innocents being banned without it getting lifted.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, EVENTUALLY YOU WILL BE BANNED WHETHER YOU CHEAT OR NOT. 
Posted: April 1, 2017	0	13	None	1,255	620.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												The cheating is out of control, and it seems the publisher bluehole can't keep up with it. As of the current state playing in Third Person point of view is extremely unfun due to the amount of aimbotters, speed hackers and wall hackers. First person view is not nearly as bad but still occurs. The community is very upset at the lack of communication and seemingly the lack of caring on blueholes end and thusly has become a very toxic entity of itself.			
Posted: April 1, 2017	1	10	None	1,255	64.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Really enjoying the game so far. So yeah			
Posted: April 1, 2017	1	16	None	1,255	602.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Overhyped piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the numbers of people playing it just shows how stupid modern human is.Bad netcode, very poor optimization, lazy and stupid devs.			
Posted: April 1, 2017	3	22	None	1,255	468.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game has a lot of BS moments but overall its addicting and really fun, especially with friends. 8/10			
Posted: April 1, 2017	0	10	None	1,255	172.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												Game is overrun with cheaters. Literally haven't played a match where we didn't get wiped by some chinese hacker.When it works it is amazingly fun though. Hope they can adress the hacker issue in a timely fashion.			
Posted: April 1, 2017	0	10	None	1,255	134.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												Region lock please...			
Posted: April 1, 2017	0	10	None	1,255	144.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												Fun game but its way too frustrating to enjoy. People need to play on their own servers. Not just China. EVERYONE needs to stick to their own servers. Game has a large enough player base to lock people to their regions but developers probably too busy swimming in cash to do something about it. It's not just the cheats either. How would you like it if you ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE you shot somebody, but the game doesn't register it because someone playing from another country has such high ping that the game doesn't even think that they are where they are?Want to play a battle royale? Please save yourself the trouble and play Fortnite instead. Its got its own set of problems but at the very least its free (and less frustrating).Do not buy. Treat yourself to a nice meal instead. You deserve better.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	19	None	118	534.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Terrible Terrible OptimizationBad Servers / Hitreg / Desync Cheaters lagswitch or ultra low mtu, esp, aimbot, speedhack, macro usersStreamer preferential treatement In Game Adverts (China Region) 
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	10	None	118	34.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								At first, it is a nice game, for Player.Now, it is still a nice game, for Cheater.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	3	22	None	118	468.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game has a lot of BS moments but overall its addicting and really fun, especially with friends. 8/10			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	172.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												Game is overrun with cheaters. Literally haven't played a match where we didn't get wiped by some chinese hacker.When it works it is amazingly fun though. Hope they can adress the hacker issue in a timely fashion.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	134.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												Region lock please...			
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	16	None	118	602.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Overhyped piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the numbers of people playing it just shows how stupid modern human is.Bad netcode, very poor optimization, lazy and stupid devs.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	144.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												Fun game but its way too frustrating to enjoy. People need to play on their own servers. Not just China. EVERYONE needs to stick to their own servers. Game has a large enough player base to lock people to their regions but developers probably too busy swimming in cash to do something about it. It's not just the cheats either. How would you like it if you ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE you shot somebody, but the game doesn't register it because someone playing from another country has such high ping that the game doesn't even think that they are where they are?Want to play a battle royale? Please save yourself the trouble and play Fortnite instead. Its got its own set of problems but at the very least its free (and less frustrating).Do not buy. Treat yourself to a nice meal instead. You deserve better.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	10	None	118	131.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												The only game I regret buying after CS:GO. Next best hackers paradise after CS:GO! Asian servers are full of hackers. Stop playing this game in Asia or else wait till CHINA is completely blocked from playing the game! CHINA NO.1 CHEATER country!			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	297.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
												Hackers. Unoptimized. Servers bad. Not worth it until later.-EDIT-They have made A LOT of improvements to gameplay, stability, and overall playability but...... they still need to make many more....Growing pains????I hear it runs terribly on the Xbox lol. Fun game all in all, but they are going to milk the ever living ♥♥♥♥ out of it. Oh also, there are new loot boxes that you have to buy a key for to open, and those boxes are given to you at a much, MUCH  higher rate than any of the other currently available ones when you claim your rewards..................... Purely cosmetic items, but still.Hackers are still a problem, though nowhere NEAR as bad as they used to be, not even close. Although improved, it's the same with servers, unfortunately. (Long story short)If there was a sideways thumb, I'd change it to that.It is fun though..... SOMEHOW...Chinese playing on US servers are going to ruin this game faster than they can take an entire magazine, survive, and kill you.*Will continue updates*Hackers in full force in Third Person. You can expect to see at least one every game, and if not, then it's a huge surprise.Region lock China. Ban IP's.*Last needed updtate*Still not optimized correctly, still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Instead of making some changes to what needs to be attended to, they port it to console and MOBILE devices.... LMFAO. Not to mention, it's turned into a cash grab. The in game currecy is now practically worthless, and any box you get you need a key for, that you have to buy. Event pass? Pay 10 bucks to play on some map and get a chance to do "missions" and unlock some outfits? Maybe...... if it wasn't only for a MONTH. Keep your fake♥♥♥♥♥monthly sub digused as something else. ♥♥♥♥ bluehole.Someone is going to come around one day and do all of this, WAY better.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	541.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								SO MANY cheaters and plugs in the game since the season 5, bad game experince ever.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	19	None	118	534.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Terrible Terrible OptimizationBad Servers / Hitreg / Desync Cheaters lagswitch or ultra low mtu, esp, aimbot, speedhack, macro usersStreamer preferential treatement In Game Adverts (China Region) 
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	13	None	118	1,858.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Was a fun gimmick and great waste of time. But has gone the way of H1Z1 and the amount of hackers make this game unplayable. Don't spend your money			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	859.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 23
												This game has amazing potential. Ruined by region hopping, and plague of hackers that come with it.Unless a region lock, or serious anti cheat is being put in place dont bother.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	10	None	118	235.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22
												I really enjoy this game. The game idea behind it and the way its been implemented. That being said I can't recommend it to any of my local friends due to the fact that there aren't any servers hosted on my continent (Africa) or my country (RSA). You can't compete against players in a critical shooter when everyone your playing against is 200ms ahead of you. It noticable everywhere, from the parachute landing, to picking items up, to being in a fist fight, to getting whacked by a pistol when unloading 7.62 rounds at an enemy (Of course my skill might be an issue there). To the death cam which always shows a delay in aiming which I can pretty much see is 200ms behind.Price is fair but I wouldn't mind paying a bit more so that you can remove the micro-trancations that was just introduced recently. I mean you sold a butt load of the game which should be enough to cover all expenses. And now making all that extra with the micro-transactions you still can't host here. A clan member offered to host it for free (In Gauteng) even and got a reply saying there is to little demand. I mean you broke sales records ffs!I will still play the game of course (Seeing as I did buy it). Gonna try and make my money back by trying to sell the items I got in loot cases before you starting charging people to open them.Good luck I guess and hope this review helps.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	13	None	118	187.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												region lock china 
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	13	None	118	1,087.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								good game			
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	16	None	118	91.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Its all fun and games until you get banned for honking your horn.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	13	None	118	147.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												fix the hackers. chinese ruin the game.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	0	13	None	118	903.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 10
												♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME.			
Posted: October 2, 2017	1	19	None	118	538.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 9
												I've spent hundreds of hours playing this game with my friend and it's been fun but the perfomance issues are still there so long after early access so I can't with good conscience recommend buying the game.			
Posted: June 21	1	13	None	211	378.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Another Early Access failure. Steer clear.    Greedy practices have reduced this once innovative yet buggy product. Repeatedly, promises were broken, there was a lack of communication with the community and then came the rampant spree of lootboxes locked behind keys. This rendered cosmetics, the only source of "progression" in this game, almost completely paywalled. The rest is based on RNG with criminally low percentages. You have better odds at your local casinos than to win some of these cosmetics. Was worth the time when it came out... You could possibly squeeze out your $30 worth now... but you are not investing in a game with a future. Why must these devs continually break our hearts?			
Posted: June 21	1	10	None	211	52.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best Battle Royale game avalible on the Steam Market right now.I've had the pleasure of participating in the closed beta as well as preordering my copy ready for Early Access release and I've got to say; I like where this is going.PlayerUnkown invented the Battle Royale game mode, his experience from ArmA and H1Z1 now combined into this amazing game BATTLEGROUNDS.You'll start your adventure in a jumbo plane with the other 98-100 players sitting with you, in BATTLEGROUNDS you get to choose when to jump and decide where to land and begin looting instead of it being a RNG cluster ♥♥♥♥ of "Who can land first and find a gun first"Like many other games in this genre, you're forced into an ending point but in BATTLEGROUNDS they've substuted the cliché gas by an energy field, spooky stuff.Airdrops will drop in throughout the game providing you with better weapons or health items.You will rage at some point playing this.Pros:Amazing gun playTerrific atmosphereGreat in game clothing customizationEqually great in weapon customization.A crate-styled skin economy that worksA large map with various different kinds of areas to explore; Power Plants, Flooded towns, lumbar yards, quarries and more.An amazing forum with active mods and a friendly community.Cars feel satisfying as hellCons:Optimization at this time needs a bit of work, too many times am I freezing from landing, going into my inventory or picking up an item.Sound needs some improvements, hearing shots can be fine but if you get shot there's a big "Click" sound that completely nullifies you telling where the shot come from, sometimes footsteps can be silent but I'm sure this is a bug.Some map areas have these "lines of higher ground" which completely destroys you if you drive into one 
Posted: June 21	1	10	None	211	152.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3
												Buggy game.▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█2018 update - squad game = cancer.			
Posted: June 21	0	13	None	211	1,558.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4
												I don't understand how is it possible to break the game with every single update?In the latest patch, you decided to forcebind grenades to the G button, which used to be bound to frag grenade. Now it's nigh on impossible to pick a frag grenade in the middle of a firefight.People expected you to region lock china like a year ago, but apparently you decided to lock region to china, for EU players. From 50 ping to 130 ping without any option to choose a server? Seriously?And changing the map between Erangel, Miramar and Sanhok is impossible, cause right now you can choose all 3 or just 1. What if I don't want to play Sanhok, but want to play Erangel OR Miramar (f.e. to reduce the que times which seem to be sky high right now). WELL TOO BAD, YOU CAN'TI have over 1300 hours of this game on record, but this was seriously the breaking point. With every update things go worse and worse and seems like the only option right now is to wait for a proper challenger from this game from a game studio that actually knows how to develope one.			
Posted: June 21	1	22	None	211	1,378.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												paying to unlock achievements( missions)?!?! This is where I draw the line.I am not spending a penny more on this game ever again.I have over 1000 hours into this game and I feel this is a real stab in the back.The game itself is fun, bugs not withstanding, but to freaking charge a person to let them unlock missions in game... ridiculous!!			
Posted: June 21	1	16	None	211	131.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3
												Milions of chinese hackers are buyingthis game			
Posted: June 21	0	13	None	211	315.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
Buggy mess with terrible performance in which you get banned for killing streamers.It's prone to crashing Has constant desync issuesPoorly optimised texture streaming puts you at a grave disadvantage if you play on an HDDGuns aren't handled correctlyVehicles are an utter messSounds are poorly balancedYou can get permanently locked in the environmentParachutes get stuck on the scenery and teleport you to your deathBullets don't travel through any length of waterRain is deafeningReload animations play but fail to reload weaponsTrees clip through buildingsIt doesn't even manage to load the lobby sometimesIt's been 27 (twenty seven) weeks of early access as of today and none of the issues described above have been addressed, while it implemented and sold real-money keys to open cosmetic crates. This clearly states the priorities Bluehole have in mind. They even have a history of banning players for "stream-sniping" without proof, while allowing streamers to record themselves using exploits. Now this company is threatening with "legal action" against its competition for "replicating the experience for which PUBG is known" as if they were the owners of the last-man-standing concept. The game isn't even fun. 
Posted: June 21	1	10	None	211	709.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31
Product received for free
												Hacker alot plz Fix it			
Posted: June 21	0	13	None	211	199.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												At first this game was great, was a lot of fun to play but now just hearing the name PUBG makes me cringe. Game runs poorly, there used to be free ingame cosmetics through and ingame credit system but now the system is you use your credits to get cases that you need real money to unlock. AND NOW they're releasing passes and getting more money hungry.			
Posted: June 21	0	16	None	211	561.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												I just want to say. This is my first ever review. Now for me to bother I have had to gain over 400 hours of developed hatred for this dev team.The devs are a sham. I loved the concept when it first hit steam back when. But think they really are taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of its buyers now. FPS optimisation never happened. They full released the game when it seems like it still is not even half finished. They sold record breaking copys. Still not fixed the game what must be a year on. They added crates to make even more money before fixing game. Anounce they were going to go Esports. Game is not even 1% Esports ready. Now they have added ♥♥♥♥ing season pass bs. So they can make even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ money. Biggest money grabbing bs devs I have ever bought a game off of.  Dont buy wait 6 months for someone to release a better game with devs that prioritise the game first.			
Posted: June 28	0	16	None	205	561.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												I just want to say. This is my first ever review. Now for me to bother I have had to gain over 400 hours of developed hatred for this dev team.The devs are a sham. I loved the concept when it first hit steam back when. But think they really are taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of its buyers now. FPS optimisation never happened. They full released the game when it seems like it still is not even half finished. They sold record breaking copys. Still not fixed the game what must be a year on. They added crates to make even more money before fixing game. Anounce they were going to go Esports. Game is not even 1% Esports ready. Now they have added ♥♥♥♥ing season pass bs. So they can make even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ money. Biggest money grabbing bs devs I have ever bought a game off of.  Dont buy wait 6 months for someone to release a better game with devs that prioritise the game first.			
Posted: June 28	4	16	None	205	137.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												glad i did not pay for this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Wow update i dont lag out like in the past but still cheaters like every game. Don't waist ur time or money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game			
Posted: June 28	1	43	None	205	58.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Casual shooter, gets old pretty quickly. CQB is pretty clunky. Now they announced the same kiddie skin system like in CS:GO and even before final release..yeah this is a quick money grab. Feels like another wasted Early Access title. Probably gonna die even quicker than H1Z1.			
Posted: June 28	4	22	None	205	9.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honking at streamers=Ban			
Posted: June 28	0	13	None	205	315.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
Buggy mess with terrible performance in which you get banned for killing streamers.It's prone to crashing Has constant desync issuesPoorly optimised texture streaming puts you at a grave disadvantage if you play on an HDDGuns aren't handled correctlyVehicles are an utter messSounds are poorly balancedYou can get permanently locked in the environmentParachutes get stuck on the scenery and teleport you to your deathBullets don't travel through any length of waterRain is deafeningReload animations play but fail to reload weaponsTrees clip through buildingsIt doesn't even manage to load the lobby sometimesIt's been 27 (twenty seven) weeks of early access as of today and none of the issues described above have been addressed, while it implemented and sold real-money keys to open cosmetic crates. This clearly states the priorities Bluehole have in mind. They even have a history of banning players for "stream-sniping" without proof, while allowing streamers to record themselves using exploits. Now this company is threatening with "legal action" against its competition for "replicating the experience for which PUBG is known" as if they were the owners of the last-man-standing concept. The game isn't even fun. 
Posted: June 28	0	13	None	205	110.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												This game used to be cool and promising. But the company behind it has lost sight of making a good game and now only seek profit.Seeking profit is fine, but this game has horrifying flaws, bugs, and feels unpolished. I have given this game a whole year before reviewing, and I am disappointed by slow pitiful content updates. I am disappointed by the company's legal activity.The developers crushed item trading out of greed to force more steam community market sales. The company focuses on crates instead of gameplay, not working to make the game more fluid.Cheaters are still too common and the gameplay is repetitive. Without any workshop support, the devs simply can't make enough content to keep this game fresh, and the gameplay isn't refined enough to call it a serious esport.This game had promise, and we all gave the developers money because we saw that promise. I can only hope that at some point gameplay and community becomes priority again.			
Posted: June 28	0	10	None	205	932.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												"the most "greedy" company ever" "lootboxes" + " event pass" + " LEVEL PASS!!!!!!!" + .......guess what ?!!! all these and the game is NOT free.and I think the next map is going to a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"PAID" DLC( -5 ) stars			
Posted: June 28	1	10	None	205	709.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31
Product received for free
												Hacker alot plz Fix it			
Posted: June 28	0	10	None	205	475.0	Recommended	
Posted: February 11
												󠀡			
Posted: June 28	0	10	None	205	971.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game was very fun when it came out. For about a month now its been nothing but hackers, dsync, crashes, ect. They need to quit worrying about vaulting and new weapons and focus on items that will keep players on their game. They had the winning formula. Sad to say, I would not recommend getting this game the way it is now.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	4	22	None	308	9.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honking at streamers=Ban			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	58	None	308	54.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ the devs for sneaking "micro"transactions into the game while breaking their promise of none before EA is over. On release they've said there will be no more free cosmetics in game, so anyone who buys the game will be running around in their underwear for eternity. Totally fair. They don't need the money to fund a damn tournament for a broken game, they made $100,000,000 already! Why the hell do they need to charge $2.50 for a single piece of clothing (YOU COULD PAY 2.50 FOR SHOES YOU NEVER SEE IN GAME)???This review will change if they reverse their decision, which the goddamn better.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	16	None	308	326.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												It's like being in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ relationship expecting it  to get better but deep down you know its not worth your time. When the devs ignore everything that people want, its best to walk away			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	19	None	308	894.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 8
												Fun game but recently gone down hill, However this new FIX PUBG campaign looks promising and hopefull sheds some light in the devs, but I won't recomend until we can see them actually going through with this new campaign. I enjoy the game and still play on a weekly basis but usually tend to stop after some server desync, bugs, or hackers. So for someone who hasn't already bought the game this long after launch I would say wait until it gets better because we know the game has made enough money for it to be pumped back into the development.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	5	82	None	308	178.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								rip H1Z1Nah but on a serious note, this game has been polished unlike any other game ive seen before and its in early access...The animations and gun gameplay is fleshed out so everything moves fluently, expecially when compared to its counterpart ARMA or the rip off H1Z1.This game has a lot of promise and by the looks of it, its going to keep going up. 
Posted: August 26, 2017	8	19	None	308	146.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												Version 1.0Much Update Such Stable ReleaseNo rubberbanding btwNo lags btwNo bugs btwGo fucqq yourself BrandonProtip: Do not play this game sober/without drugs, to prevent serious brain damage.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	13	None	308	1,133.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								挂这么多，真让人失望			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	10	None	308	415.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hackers every other game. 10/10 would get razed again.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	10	None	308	334.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												**NOT RECOMMENDED**  The gaming concept is GREAT but practically it is a BROKEN game!!!			
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	10	None	308	325.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 10
												Broken.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	115	1975	None	42	276.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								As a Chinese player who speaks for the largest player group of this game, I must tell you guys a fact about how Bluehole handled server issue. Because there is no Chinese server and playing in any server like NA or AS will give players a lag over 200ms, nearly every single player in China needs to spend considerable extra cash compared to the price of the game monthly to purchase access of a net proxy to get rid of the lag. Usually 4 months membership fee of a decent proxy costs the same money to buy a PUBG. But instead of trying to solve that problem for the region that has the most players in the world, Bluehole just made partnership with the most popular proxy company in China and claimed it to be the official proxy for PUBG. And that is absolutely ludicrous! There is not a second region in this world that needs to pay extra money beside the cost of the game itself to play, not to mention that cost is paid monthly. The developer is not only not trying to make that extra spending go away but also making new partners to rip players off more. As a player I found that very very insulting and Chinese players are treated very unfairly. Upon of all that, the game itself still have a significant amount of bugs and lack of optimization. Even for my PC, which has 7800x and 1080Ti as well as 32g ram, I still need to adjust certain settings to low even very low to have a relatively smooth game experience. And that "smooth" is still relative. I literally have fps dropping every single game, especially when it is raining or when im in a redzone, which is really annoying and irratating when I am trying to shoot someone or scounting the nearby environment. Anyway, that's the reason why I dont recommend this game. If you hate fps drop in a FPS game, I strongly advise you against trying it.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	146	345	None	42	816.2	Recommended	
Posted: November 13
												Blueballs, pls outsource development to a company that actually knows how to make video games.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	355	289	None	42	399.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
												h1z1 died within the first 10 mins of this releaseedit: this triggered a few people :D			
Posted: September 29, 2017	10	140	None	42	2,226.5	Recommended	
Posted: May 7, 2017
												Good game mode, but very poor optimization.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	12	57	None	42	626.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												Game lagging. At gtx 1070 and i7 7700 16gb ozu			
Posted: September 29, 2017	53	1388	None	42	122.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards."http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.php "As far as monetization is concerned, know that we eventually intend to give the player options to purchase cosmetic items only. However, until the game is out of Early Access, our development resources will be focused entirely on improving the Battle Royale game mode. Only then will we consider the addition of in-game purchases."https://www.playbattlegrounds.com/news/22.pu "What were planning to do, is to add purchasable cosmetic items (like clothes/skins) via crates, this will allow us to create free DLC packs down the road." Microtransactions are coming after Early Access."http://battlegrounds.gamepedia.com/Frequently_Asked_Questions_(FAQ)#Clothing 
Posted: September 29, 2017	1	39	None	42	242.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
												My friends and I like to get together and play on Saturdays as a squad.  For months, we would consistently rank in the top 5 of teams each game, usually getting 1-2 chicken dinners a night.The last month, we're consistently murdered by teams from China where every user has names like 'ajjajjajjajj' or '5435345345' who seem to be able to headshot us, through walls, before we even see they're there.  It's beyond frustrating.The game was great before - super fun, super promising.  But the number of hackers and desynched players make this a nightmare at the moment (there is no region or ping lock).  DO NOT recommend until this rectified.EDITQuitting the game.  Nothing but hackers.  Enter a lobby, hear 20 Chinese dudes shouting over each other, get killed suspiciously, check kill cam, total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Tonight, my friend was killed when me was BEHIND a guy.  Done with this buggy POS.  I really hope one of its clones takes off.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	11	33	None	42	14.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
												CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS			
Posted: September 29, 2017	6	30	None	42	168.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31
												the devs of this game are a bunch of crybabies.			
Posted: September 29, 2017	3	27	None	42	19.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												glitchy and too expensive.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	1	59	None	30	24.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								They are getting greedy.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	6	24	None	30	739.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Server too busy simulator 2018.Where to even begin. The gameplay is great and they've done that very well. When everything actually works this is one of my favorite titles. The problem is that everything really only works about 30% of the time you play.Pros:-Intense gameplay-Competition-Weapons are detailed and realistic from look to soundCons:-NA servers are overrun with chinese-NA servers are overrun with chinese hackers-When they deploy a patch to fix something ten other things break-Dev's don't seem to bother fixing the cheating epidemic (PUNKBUSTER IS GOD)-Rampant crashes even on good systems-Servers too busy try again later 50% of the time-EX:HTTPREQUEST 30% of the time-Vehicles, well just youtube some PUBG vehicle videos and you'll seeFor the amount of money that these guys have made they sure don't seem to be willing to fork any over to pay for good anti-cheat or hire a full time professional set of developers to iron out all of the issues that are constantly present. If you enjoy being shot through walls from accross the map, if you enjoy some chinese internet cafe cheater being able to see you through walls then talk about how bad you are at the game, IF you enjoy not being able to connect when you want to play, or if you can connect be unable to invite your friends to the squad because 'REASONS', then this game might just be for you.I would steer clear until the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and become willing to do soemthing about the major issues plaguing this game.11/10 would get headshot punched while parachuting in again.#RegionLockChina			
Posted: July 26, 2017	0	24	None	30	156.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												Region Lock China			
Posted: July 26, 2017	2	21	None	30	114.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game, has a lot of potential but there is a lot of work that has to be done, it is clunky at the momentI'd also like to mention that it is camper heavy, you will fight with a lot of people that just sit inside a house and wait for you to come			
Posted: July 26, 2017	3	44	None	30	836.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
												**EDIT** Game is still trash. Full of hackers and lagging 2 out of 3 games. Find a better game.Sorry but this review will remain negative until these developers who made millions fix this "competitive" game and make the registry of shots up to par with a 2017 MODERN SHOOTER. I know this is an early access game but honestly when you spend more time pumping out crates for profit vs. improving the game we all paid for it gets a little old.I'm sick and tired of being outgunned by someone who lives across the world with 400ms ping because the game auto adjusts to make it "fair" for everyone in the match. End the matchmaking crap, it has not worked for a single developer out there. Give people the ability to host dedicated servers and get out of the server hosting business, you are not good at it.We need 100tick+ PC games, stop pumping out new features and instead focus on improving the core mechanic... no serious gamer cares about pink mini skirts and yellow jumpsuits.Come on Bluehole, get your stuff together and make a serious effort where it actually matters.Currently I will not be recommending this game to anyone who does not have it.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	2	18	None	30	475.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Dev team doesnt care about this game anymore. They only care about your money. A "real" update hasnt been there since a few months, with no real content being added other than some stupid money milking items. They've also been working on the smallest map of the game, for months now. Its getting stupid af, can't even make a small map in a month? This game made 700+ mil, you would except this game to be the main battle royale game but right now shamefully enough, Fortnite is getting the title of being the main battle royale game, since they can manage to update their game and stay in touch with their community.Greed and lack of passion is killing this game.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	6	18	None	30	393.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game play: 10/10Optimization patterns: 1/10Friendly to new players: 1/10Patato server: 0/10			
Posted: July 26, 2017	1	18	None	30	511.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31
												I still play this only because I'm a sadomasochistic freak that loves watching his headshots not count with clear blood splatter and getting killed when I'm very clearly behind cover. The tick rate on this game is slower than old people ♥♥♥♥. E SPORTS READY.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	1	18	None	30	430.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												Dev's attitude is awful. Now even have to pay to open crate rewards.			
Posted: July 26, 2017	0	18	None	30	1,226.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I really like this game, but I'm having a hard time recommending it after some of the decisions made by the staff.  Essentially, they have set up some fairly bad rules regarding punishments for "stream sniping" and teamkilling.  The current review system involves a user submitting video evidence, and that is the only evidence available to the reviewers.  There is no in game log yet, or replay system.  Rulings are decided by inexperienced community managers in what may as well be a popularity contest.  Both rules already have multiple instances of weaponizing, in which players who who defend themselves against a team killer was banned and someone was accused of stream sniping as banned due to the sheer amount of viewers who reported him.  I'm here to play a Battle Royale game, not take part in a popularity contest.			
Posted: December 28, 2017	0	18	None	215	374.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												Let me start by saying that i do enjoy this game.... While its functional..Since the game was released and was in early access i was fine with how tha game may not function correctly. Played over 200hrs and the only major problem was the desync, which is to be expected while the game is pretty much being funded and developed at the same time. After the 200hrs the game became a almost unbearable to play. It had desync and some other bugs which were very ground breaking. The game breaking glitches were worked on and were getting fixed. 250hrs in and guess what... HACKERS. While its to be expected, the hackers ruined the gameplay, not just for me, but for 90% of the player base. A month or two down the line the develepors and Battle eye began to work on stopping hackers as much as they could, however they still havent finished. Now, since the desert update, there have been not only hackers but still some ground breaking bugs and STILL! desync. The desync should have been fixed before the game came out of early access, but it still hasent been fixed. The fact this game is now out of early access and still has some bugs that can insta kill you is awfull. So the day im writing this review, the game crashed, i came back to the game and was invisivle to my team mate. i could interact with everything but could kill anyone or even move on the server.Now that ive explained my experience and views, i should note, if these issues were to be fixed, the game would continue to climb to the most played game and may even be "the best game" but the MUST fix desync for a starters. They then need to work on fixing ground breaking bugs, such as the one that i mentioned about about the game crashing.			
Posted: December 28, 2017	0	18	None	215	626.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Cheaters, Hackers are everywhere.			
Posted: December 28, 2017	1	104	None	215	50.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Developer lied and broke their promise about not having microtransactions before full release.			
Posted: December 28, 2017	15	15	None	215	90.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24
												I'm going to as much effort into this review as the developers put into the game.			
Posted: December 28, 2017	0	15	None	215	248.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█For real though Bluehole... we're begging you...			
Posted: December 28, 2017	4	15	None	215	423.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												After 405 hours in this game I have finally lost hope. The light at the end of the tunnel has vanished and I have been overcome by the darkness. The devs made enough money from early release and clearly don't care about the life/success of this game anymore. Save your memory and time. Go play Runescape or go sitdown with a family member and play a game of checkers.			
Posted: December 28, 2017	0	15	None	215	32.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2017
												Good but needs region lock BIGLY!			
Posted: December 28, 2017	26	35	None	215	1,063.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2017
												Make Sosnovka Great Again :D			
Posted: December 28, 2017	4	15	None	215	280.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game honestly deserves all of the hate that it’s getting. I really feel ashamed for all of the hours I’ve put into this game. The developers are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor and go back on so many of the promises they’ve made. No to mention, they tried to make the game “E-Sports ready” before it was even optimized. That♥♥♥♥♥♥pisses me off more than it should, that stupid greedy, fame hungry ♥♥♥♥.To this day, the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ there are hackers plaguing servers, horrible network issues, and I won’t get started on the stupid stupid micro transactions.Bad developers equal bad games, and player unknown has really shown his true colors in the last few months, he practically worships streamers and happily bans anyone that offends them, he lies about updates, and is so incredibly ♥♥♥♥ing greedy. This game is not worth $30, it’s worth around $15, there’s simply not enough content in here to justify that price. The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥as well, so there’s that.But my biggest problem with this game, the very reason I’ve stopped playing, is because this game has the most disgusting and toxic community I’ve ever seen for a game. It’s absolutely repulsive. The n word is spammed in every lobby, everyone thinks they’re better than everyone, and I can safely say I never heard a single nice comment from anybody in this game ever. It’s horrible. It’s like a congregation of the entire Rick and Morty fan base. ♥♥♥♥ this stupid ♥♥♥♥ing game.  
Posted: December 28, 2017	2	15	None	215	334.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3
												There's more hackers than players in PUBG. Meeting hackers have become a norm for all of us legit players. It can be so disappointing to find out that you can almost never win when there's a hacker in your game. There's hackers with aimhack, wallhack, speed hack and even "godmode" hack, where the cheater cannot be killed no matter what. Meeting hackers are so frequent that PUBG ratings drastically dropped from Overwhemingly Positive to Mixed Remarks. Not to mention teaming that too ruins gaming experience. A 45-min game ruined by a single cheater that did not even put in effort to play the game or getting killed by 8 players. Do cheaters actually hack to get access to the game, or do they actually buy the game itself. I doubt they bought it. Here's a tip, either give your developers/workers a raise so they can start doing their job to start banning cheaters and teamers, or find the loopholes for getting this game for free to cheat on, or you know, ignore the gaming community and let them pay for bad gameplay, since you're already earning huge profit. People are going from PUBG to Fortnite, just imagine how disgraceful is that. People pay for PUBG and ended up playing Fortnite. Do something or this game is going to be as dead as Overwatch, "Game of the Year". Forget optimisation that never works, start solving the cheating problems by removing possible loopholes.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	1	32	None	35	346.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bluehole Chinese Official indulges Chinese famous game streamer "55kai" Lu Benwei with repeated cheating behaviors on Douyu Streaming Platform, which makes a extremely immoral example for teenagers and all players and lovers of PUBG. We protest against Cheating and Official's ignorance!We Need Justice and Fairness！蓝洞中国官方放任中国知名游戏主播“55开”卢本伟在斗鱼直播平台上的多次开挂行为，为青少年和游戏爱好者作了极其恶劣的不道德示范。我们抗议作弊行为和官方的漠然不作为！我们需要公平和公正！			
Posted: December 6, 2017	1	32	None	35	170.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								You guys need to change your policies. A game that is selling millions of copies shouldn't have to shrill out to money only cosmetics.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	4	32	None	35	73.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												Nice battlepass :) heres a nice thumbs down.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	4	49	None	35	221.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's currently too plagued with technical issues to reccomend.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	179	648	None	35	63.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								A good game with a server worse than Ubi's.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	41	514	None	35	1,025.4	Recommended	
Posted: February 24
												Love this game but some cheaters and bugs make it irritating 
Posted: December 6, 2017	6	12	None	35	159.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you enjoy sitting in a bush for 15 minutes in order to make it to the top 20 then this is the game for you. Armor? a joke, it only makes you feel safe, when i've been 1 shot headshotted by the m416 through a fresh lvl 3 more often than not.Shotguns? fully random daeth cannons that can kill from farther than a submachine gun.Cars? literal deathtraps. Had a guy run over my friend and then hit a home with a small window, car vibrated through the window and exploded killing all 4 occupants.Fall damage is random.Bullet damage is random.If you feel like taking a time out you can go underwater and be ACTUALLY immune to bullets. oh and by the way, if you try to come out of the water to shoot good luck playing hot potato with your gun, it might either lose all its bullets somehow, or you'll rapidly flail your gun in and out of the water while attempting to take a shotThis game is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke and i feel bad for anybody stupid enough to kid themselves into enjoying it.EDIT: Remember how i said armor doesnt matter sometimes? How sometimes i would just get 1 shotted through level 3 helmets by m416's?? Ha.. guess that was just a bug that was in the game they only just fixed in the update most recent to this edit "2.2 GB update 'Fixed bug where bullets would sometimes shoot through armor' "♥♥♥♥ing wow. What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	2	12	None	35	196.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	12	None	35	95.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I want a refund			
Posted: December 6, 2017	3	12	None	35	485.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12
I really liked this game before, I don't like the recent changes to the circle speed.The GoodFun to play in squadsGood variety of weaponsCrate drops are fun to go for but riskyLarge maps with a variety of locations, and approachesThey finally added map selection!The BadOthers have likened it to "a running simulator" (after the most recent update I would have to agree)Can be pretty repetitive but this is mitigated by choosing a variety of locations.I very much dislike the lack of Map Selection... sometimes I just want to try again after a bad start but it sends me to the other map...Updates cause annoying downtime WHEN I'm most likely to be playing in NA. The UglyBlue-zone is now Broken, Way Too Fast in earlier rounds... I liked it a lot better before the update.Hackers are still a problem 
Posted: January 12	0	12	None	198	31.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												this game is awesome but i can not recommend you to buy it because its full of giltches,bugs,conection problems,crashes and everything even after the full releaseSometimes i would jump off a plane and land on not loaded building and just colide with it for 3 minutes until the ♥♥♥♥ing game decides its time to load mother♥♥♥♥♥♥ texturesSometimes when the game starts it will lag to the absoulite lowest and make me go insanekeep in mind i have a gtx 1060 and an ok internet conectionLike i said game is good and fun but this is unaceptable.			
Posted: January 12	2	12	None	198	91.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: January 12	0	12	None	198	134.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Absolute garbage. Horrible optimization, full of cheaters, and broken mechanics. Save your money do not buy			
Posted: January 12	2	12	None	198	27.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 20
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░████░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░████░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: January 12	2	12	None	198	146.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
												region lock is needed. I am fluent in mandarin.			
Posted: January 12	0	12	None	198	403.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
												Cheaters win. Winners cheat. A great game broken by cheater and hackers.			
Posted: January 12	1	12	None	198	225.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ rather add microtransactions than actually optimize the game			
Posted: January 12	1	12	None	198	558.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13
												Great idea ruined by poor developing			
Posted: January 12	0	12	None	198	408.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												I had hopes for this game when it was in Early Access, but alas, with each patch it becomes more and more clear that Bluehole is only considering this game as a cash cow first and not as a game.Broken promises over and over again. The development is basically stagnant at this point and the game is getting stale and riddled with hackers due to incompetent spaghetti coding.Don't play this, perhaps play Fortnite instead. If you don't like Fortnite because of the building or cartoony artstyle wait until an actually competent studio comes out with their own Battle Royale.			
Posted: January 12	0	12	None	198	103.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												Cannot reccomend until they implement region lock. Way too many chinese hackers.Roughly 75% of matches I play in have hackers.			
Posted: July 13	1	12	None	16	558.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13
												Great idea ruined by poor developing			
Posted: July 13	4	46	None	16	201.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15
												Shameful business practices.			
Posted: July 13	8	29	None	16	234.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23
												This game a complete piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥actualy. And the developer is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.			
Posted: July 13	6	136	None	16	262.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 4
												this game is going downhill so fast .  i regret that i bought this game. if i just knew from the start that this game is going to be about microtransactions crate boxes more than about the community needs i will not even think to buy this trash. i mean where's the point of winning chicken dinner ? it's getting boring to keep winning to get nothing. and the BP are worthless because to open crates  you need to pay real money . this game is only about microtransactions nothing else it's a big scam disguised as a game.  to whoever want to buy this game i advise you to save your money better than giving them to buttthole "bluehole".                       * SOME of the GAME PROBLEMS*              .potato server /              . you can't trade  items/              .lag /             .fps drop /              .worthless BP/             .worthless to win the game because you will get nothing/             .no ranking system/             .lot of hackers/             .bad anti-cheat/             .many game bugs*glitches/             .the developers don't give a fk about the community they only think to add more loot crates that the only way to open is by using real money and by that the BP are worthless /                                                                                                                         "DON'T BUY THIS TRASH"			
Posted: July 13	0	26	None	16	336.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 12
												Less loot boxes with skins. Work hard on a netcode!			
Posted: July 13	29	309	None	16	624.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												Nice game,but needs optimization			
Posted: July 13	1	9	None	16	624.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												I can't play this game anymore because IS FULL OF HACKERS , DO ♥♥♥♥ING SOMETHING !!!!!!			
Posted: July 13	0	9	None	16	1,333.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
												能不能管一下外挂，这个游戏真的非常不错，可惜给外挂搞lj了、再见了，这个游戏			
Posted: July 13	3	9	None	16	192.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								i like tacos			
Posted: July 13	3	9	None	16	865.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												The game has an incredible lag after the 1.0 Launch :)			
Posted: August 19, 2017	1	9	None	117	657.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								BLUEHOLE IS BANNING PLAYERS FOR HACKING EVEN THOUGH THERE ARE MANY GLITCHES IN THIS GAME THAT LET PLAYERS DRIVE THROUGH AND SEE THROUGH WALLS!!!  My brother was banned and he never used any third party program to hack or anything of the sort just because someone clicked "report" after my brother had killed him. BE PREPARED TO BUY THIS GAME MORE than once due to their FAIL "anti-cheat" team. Fix your broken♥♥♥♥♥game before you start banning legit players for hacking.			
Posted: August 19, 2017	0	9	None	117	1,333.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
												能不能管一下外挂，这个游戏真的非常不错，可惜给外挂搞lj了、再见了，这个游戏			
Posted: August 19, 2017	3	9	None	117	192.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								i like tacos			
Posted: August 19, 2017	0	9	None	117	62.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Broken promises. Using microtransactions to 'fund' a turny for a game thats not even done when they sold millions of copies. Along with all the other news we have all heard they are handing it all very badly. They need to make ammends, or least get a PR dept. if they haven't. I wouldn't support devs like this.			
Posted: August 19, 2017	2	9	None	117	298.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								I smashed a dude with a frying pan. neat.9/10			
Posted: August 19, 2017	0	9	None	117	713.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												Game is really fun ... until you face the hords of hackers ... kills the fun of it because of those loosers. It's been a problem since they've enabled the ability to sell the loot crates. Please remove that possibility !			
Posted: August 19, 2017	0	9	None	117	375.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												[edit] [-] Solo FPP career is gone. Nice. Fixed[-]Grenades explosion can glitch windows as hard as your game crashesChina Insanely large updates without even small resultsFamily sharing doesn't workUsually I'm getting killed even if im behind the wallSometimes i notice blood but enemy doesn't get any damageAnti cheat is useless. It is a joke.There should be two types of company matches:-With revive teammate option-And without revive teammate optionor at least balance it somehowMissing textures on desert mapLego blocks on straight roadsWhen you land, parachute usually glitches, teleports and almost kills you.Riding a motorbike is a pure suicide cuz of those lego blocks on roadsRedzone spawns in the same place even 4 times30$ for now to buy this game is a joke20% to not load the game and stuck on black screen with pubg logoIt didn't save one of my solo fpp wins in careerNo map selectionServers[+]Performance is better now(after last update) somehow, gz. (but it still succs)memes			
Posted: August 19, 2017	3	9	None	117	865.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												The game has an incredible lag after the 1.0 Launch :)			
Posted: August 19, 2017	4	9	None	117	105.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
Product received for free
												This game needs a China Wall.			
Posted: August 19, 2017	0	9	None	117	320.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 15
												This game used to be a leading example how to develop an indie game, as of now it's just a trashy garbage used to milk all the money from blinded fans before it's too late.Technical problems and greedy devs are what ruins this game. When the 1.0 was announced I expected a major improvement not only in performance but also in the netcode. This is second worst game that exists in terms of netcode. Poorly implemented anti-cheat doesn't help either; you can intercept ALL packets that go in and out thus you can tailor your cheats to your heart's content. Anti-cheat sends too much data between your PC and server so you can permanent micro stutter especially in rural areas, or places where are players. Netcode is a joke, getting killed behind walls is a norm, random deaths from "immortal" people also happens in the least fitting moment (this is only exacerbated by terrible hitbox model - hands can literally save your life because you will tank all the shots to your hands even without armour. There is no promised bullet penetration because fans are easy to forget so who cares, right?). And there is many, many more.Second problem: lootboxes. Despite the fact they have promised there won't be lootboxes in the game there are; but as I was saying - fans easily forget your♥♥♥♥♥♥so who cares. Initialy you could buy them with points you earn in-game. Later this was changed in a most shady way possible. You can still earn lootboxes with currency but now you have to buy a key for real money ONLY to open the lootbox. All new lootboxes that are being added on a regular basis have this amazing "feature" so you essentially have lootboxes for free, but you can't open them for free.The cheery on top was the $5 parachute skin. This is 25% of value of the ENTIRE game. They dare to sell a stupid texture on your chute for $5 while their game is a pile of broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this game, just don't. They know they can't fix their game, they know they stand no chance againist competition, they know it's the last call to get as much money as possible. They will keep releasing maps that have no point because you will find the same problems on all maps and your desire to play will cease to exist after the first match and a new map once you see the game is still broken. They will keep draining your pocket with intrusive, predatory lootboxes, they will never care about you as a consumer because they've earn their money, nearly $700 000 000. Once a small indie studio with a dream now becaome nothing more than a EA clone with one priority - money.			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	1,101.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												I have over 1k hours in the game been playing public,competetive games and so far I can´t recommend you this game bcs of how horrible the servers perfom, it is so painful to play this game, where you  die behind the corner or bcs server didn´t count all the hits you did to your enemy and server which renders environment differently for you and your enemy, so you can´t see his face peeking but he can see you...As for EU player i saw like 2-5 cheaters till now.			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	421.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								banned for no reason, do not recommend.			
Posted: June 22	1	9	None	85	32.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good Ideastupid developer-babysit streamers-he is going to make it p2w in 2-3 months-a lot of bugs, it is unplayable			
Posted: June 22	1	9	None	85	44.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Superb game ruined by the devs banning people on the say-so of an entitled privileged pisspants brat.			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	302.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Been playing for almost a year into early access. Could be a great game, but there's no way I can recommend it in its current state. Virtually every game ends with getting killed by a hacker; usually in the top 10, which is even worse.Bluehole has yet to fix the issue from atop their mountain of cash they've made. Until then it gets a negative review from me, and I can't say that I want to play again anytime soon.			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	73.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Horrible Money Hunger Devs			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	11.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								In a nutshell: Early Access... - Desynch, lags, no cheater protection, highly overrated.			
Posted: June 22	3	9	None	85	309.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
												No matter what server you join, 8/10 games you play, you will be killed in the first 10 min from some chineese hacker that aimbots and knows your coming from 10 miles away. Great game! ruined by low IQ hackers. wont be playing this again for quite some time.			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	389.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: June 22	0	9	None	85	170.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								For an game that is grounds itself with casual gameplay, it takes itself way too serious. There are no real rewards for playing, no leveling or xp to play for, then why with such harsh punishments? Menawhile the game is laced with hackers, as can be seen with the leaderboards.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	376.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bluehole Chinese Official indulges Chinese famous game streamer "55kai" Lu Benwei with repeated cheating behaviors on Douyu Streaming Platform, which makes a extremely immoral example for teenagers and all players and lovers of PUBG. We protest against Cheating and Official's ignorance!We Need Justice and Fairness！			
Posted: December 6, 2017	1	9	None	4	1,111.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												A great game thats being ruined by the rampant cheating by an incredibly large number of players. I have played a grand total of 5 games today alone, and all 5 of them have ended in me being killed by soemone with their hacks being displayed completely out in the open. I've seen 30 people instantly disappear from the alive counter seconds after players have landed to one person getting headshots on dozens of players simultaneously. I've seen players blatantly looking through walls and scoping in on player's heads and watching them get shot from hundreds of meters away through dozens of buildings, trees, etc. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is getting absolutely ridiculous and it needs to be stopped. I understand that while there will always be a number of hackers in any game, this is above and beyond the worst experience I have ever had with hackers in ANY shooter in my 12 years of playing FPS games. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is absolutely ridiculous and should not be tolerated by any development team anywhere, period.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	59.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Please do NOT buy this game, the reason is that the main developer, Player Unknown, promised that there would be no micro-DLC atleast until the game came out of early access, but this promise was recently broken. So I will ask you one more time, please do NOT buy this game until the problem is resolved and if you own the game, please VOTE with your wallet and do NOT buy the DLC crates. This is the only way for the developers to listen. Thank you for reading and I hope you will make the right choice.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	11.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								In a nutshell: Early Access... - Desynch, lags, no cheater protection, highly overrated.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	3	9	None	4	309.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
												No matter what server you join, 8/10 games you play, you will be killed in the first 10 min from some chineese hacker that aimbots and knows your coming from 10 miles away. Great game! ruined by low IQ hackers. wont be playing this again for quite some time.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	389.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	170.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								For an game that is grounds itself with casual gameplay, it takes itself way too serious. There are no real rewards for playing, no leveling or xp to play for, then why with such harsh punishments? Menawhile the game is laced with hackers, as can be seen with the leaderboards.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	243.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								I took a break after FPP the afk abuse was ruining the squad game play. After 2 to 3 weeks I returned to PUBG but the game is massively bugged. I have lag spikes which are new, I die randomly from stones after beeing catapulted out of nowhere 30m high and dying from it. This games really needs some serious patches and the devs should stop wasting their energy on stupid skins or new maps. Fix the god damn game before implementing new stuff.			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	525.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3
												Very Popular game!  Just too many hackers that are taking advantage.*** Replays are not 100% accurate.Hacks???- No Recoil (Gun does not lift when firing bullets)- AutoScript (Cycling a gun faster than it can shoot automatically which has an added effect of suppressed fire without a suppressor)- Aimbot- Wallhack >>> https://image.ibb.co/kvs8un/Try_and_Play_PUBG.jpg- Godmode >>> https://image.ibb.co/nuAben/PUBG_Godmode.jpg (Not a scratch!)*** AND the Batt-An-Eye Anti-Cheat is not doing anything!!! ***I'm sure those who are doing this #$%^& are making good $$$ on the Steam Market.THIS GAME SERIOUSLY NEEDS TO BE FIXED!!!			
Posted: December 6, 2017	0	9	None	4	320.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 15
												This game used to be a leading example how to develop an indie game, as of now it's just a trashy garbage used to milk all the money from blinded fans before it's too late.Technical problems and greedy devs are what ruins this game. When the 1.0 was announced I expected a major improvement not only in performance but also in the netcode. This is second worst game that exists in terms of netcode. Poorly implemented anti-cheat doesn't help either; you can intercept ALL packets that go in and out thus you can tailor your cheats to your heart's content. Anti-cheat sends too much data between your PC and server so you can permanent micro stutter especially in rural areas, or places where are players. Netcode is a joke, getting killed behind walls is a norm, random deaths from "immortal" people also happens in the least fitting moment (this is only exacerbated by terrible hitbox model - hands can literally save your life because you will tank all the shots to your hands even without armour. There is no promised bullet penetration because fans are easy to forget so who cares, right?). And there is many, many more.Second problem: lootboxes. Despite the fact they have promised there won't be lootboxes in the game there are; but as I was saying - fans easily forget your♥♥♥♥♥♥so who cares. Initialy you could buy them with points you earn in-game. Later this was changed in a most shady way possible. You can still earn lootboxes with currency but now you have to buy a key for real money ONLY to open the lootbox. All new lootboxes that are being added on a regular basis have this amazing "feature" so you essentially have lootboxes for free, but you can't open them for free.The cheery on top was the $5 parachute skin. This is 25% of value of the ENTIRE game. They dare to sell a stupid texture on your chute for $5 while their game is a pile of broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this game, just don't. They know they can't fix their game, they know they stand no chance againist competition, they know it's the last call to get as much money as possible. They will keep releasing maps that have no point because you will find the same problems on all maps and your desire to play will cease to exist after the first match and a new map once you see the game is still broken. They will keep draining your pocket with intrusive, predatory lootboxes, they will never care about you as a consumer because they've earn their money, nearly $700 000 000. Once a small indie studio with a dream now becaome nothing more than a EA clone with one priority - money.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	9	None	34	267.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Had fun driving around honking a horn until I was within 10 yards of grimmmz and got banned for harassment Good job devs.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	9	None	34	427.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												 The game is cool to play with friends and have fun, but besides you need a good video card, this season they have recently launched with players with the skins that you win as you pass the levels, besides not being able sell them you only have until the end of the season to play with her. And whoever buys the premium pass deludes himself and thinks he'll be able to stay with that skin forever or sell it. That being a lack of respect with the players.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	9	None	34	682.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
												What did you do with the las Update ?! You broke the only thing you fixed since the game released ! The Latency !			
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	9	None	34	538.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												The single Most hacked FPS in the history of FPS.  The Dev team and the Owner of this company care about the bottom line more then they do about enforcing an anti hacking environment.  More so the Developer has called anyone that wants region locking to insure fair game play with similar ping clients Xenophobic and Racist.  For simply wanting what every other game company provides from day one.  The crate system and now the upcoming patch to add the 3rd playable area are nothing but continious cash grabs.  We all paid the price of entry when we purchased the game.  Milking people for cosmetic items that have zero value is just getting out of hand.  I like many others will never put another penny into this game so buy at your own risk knowing that 99% of the matches you play in will contain hackers using Aimbots and Wall hax and Mouse recoil reduction among other things.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	9	None	34	824.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												OMG !! What happened to the english speaking community? The past 54 matches have been nothing but Chinese players. I'm playing on the North American server, first person, squad, public. We need the servers to be region locked. I find it hard to believe that the entire English speaking community decided to quit Pubg on the same day.The game is fun, but there is no point to playing squad if you can't communicate with your team.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	9	None	34	1,111.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												A great game thats being ruined by the rampant cheating by an incredibly large number of players. I have played a grand total of 5 games today alone, and all 5 of them have ended in me being killed by soemone with their hacks being displayed completely out in the open. I've seen 30 people instantly disappear from the alive counter seconds after players have landed to one person getting headshots on dozens of players simultaneously. I've seen players blatantly looking through walls and scoping in on player's heads and watching them get shot from hundreds of meters away through dozens of buildings, trees, etc. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is getting absolutely ridiculous and it needs to be stopped. I understand that while there will always be a number of hackers in any game, this is above and beyond the worst experience I have ever had with hackers in ANY shooter in my 12 years of playing FPS games. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is absolutely ridiculous and should not be tolerated by any development team anywhere, period.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	1	9	None	34	1,020.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												too many cheater			
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	23	None	34	336.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												$10 Battle Pass,that is all.			
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	9	None	34	502.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards."http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.php "As far as monetization is concerned, know that we eventually intend to give the player options to purchase cosmetic items only. However, until the game is out of Early Access, our development resources will be focused entirely on improving the Battle Royale game mode. Only then will we consider the addition of in-game purchases."https://www.playbattlegrounds.com/news/22.pu "What were planning to do, is to add purchasable cosmetic items (like clothes/skins) via crates, this will allow us to create free DLC packs down the road." Microtransactions are coming after Early Access."http://battlegrounds.gamepedia.com/Frequently_Asked_Questions_(FAQ)#Clothing 
Posted: August 26, 2017	0	9	None	34	1,193.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game but it's very rare to even get 1 out of 10 games that doesnt have people hacking. Completly overrun with hackers. 100% guarantee you will play more games with people hacking then not.			
Posted: July 14	0	9	None	47	13.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14
												Still in its pre alpha form although its a full released, there is desync, lags, bugs, jitterness and the shooting and movement mechanics are sloppy and feels like animators took only 5 mins to create animations for full game lmao. Plot is good but game is trash.			
Posted: July 14	10	23	None	47	233.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												a better name would be TILTUNKNOWN´S LAGGROUNDS			
Posted: July 14	0	23	None	47	895.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												Downside: garbage server! We paid for the game, but where did our money go? Worse servers,。Advantage: besides the game is fun, there are no other advantages, the server is not better, game optimization is worse.garbage server, garbage game company!			
Posted: July 14	0	9	None	47	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												Bought this game, then got a refund, then bought it again and got another refund.I thought the game might improve over time, but it's still horrible. Everything from gun-play to vehicles is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that stupid blue ball of doom is the true enemyHackers all over the place because thats a good thing. The concept of this game is very good, but thats about it.bad and also not good			
Posted: July 14	0	9	None	47	493.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Hacking is out of control, not worth playing anymore.. Time to move on.			
Posted: July 14	1	9	None	47	1,020.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												too many cheater			
Posted: July 14	0	9	None	47	1,193.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game but it's very rare to even get 1 out of 10 games that doesnt have people hacking. Completly overrun with hackers. 100% guarantee you will play more games with people hacking then not.			
Posted: July 14	0	23	None	47	160.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								To sum things up about this shitpile of a game:1.Visually speaking it looks completely bland and tasteless,after a few games you understand that there is nothing spectacular or remotely interesting about the map.2.gameplay consists of: 50% running, 30% looting, 19% driving, 1 % actual gunfights.3.The fact that devs want to push this game as an esport is beyond any logic. Game has so many randomized factors  which do not fit into a classic esport title( where gameplay enviroment has been set in a pre-determined state so that all players are on even playing fields and have even chance of winning and showing off their skill(Csgo for example)).4. And of course the inclusion of microtransactions.Devs stated thay they will NOT implement any sort of skins etc but broke their promise,so ♥♥♥♥ those greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥5.Community is getting more toxic day by day.These were my 5 cents,♥♥♥♥ this rotten game,its a cheap,watered down version of a casual battle royale game.If you agree,thanks, I appreciate it.If you dont then ♥♥♥♥ you. 
Posted: July 14	0	9	None	47	42.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Buggy mess, used to work just fine but has only gotten worse with more server lag than ever. Can't play a single match without lagging through roofs, floors and walls. That is if you are lucky enough to even get into a match without the servers kicking you out back into the lobby. Wait until they fix this buggy mess. Right now it doesnt even seem likely tbh since its only gotten worse over these few months. Adding crates for purchase, rather than fixing the core game experience, seems to be these devs philosophy.			
Posted: July 14	0	9	None	47	396.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								eu odeio essa♥♥♥♥♥♥			
Posted: December 29, 2017	0	9	None	110	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												Bought this game, then got a refund, then bought it again and got another refund.I thought the game might improve over time, but it's still horrible. Everything from gun-play to vehicles is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that stupid blue ball of doom is the true enemyHackers all over the place because thats a good thing. The concept of this game is very good, but thats about it.bad and also not good			
Posted: December 29, 2017	0	9	None	110	396.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								eu odeio essa♥♥♥♥♥♥			
Posted: December 29, 2017	1	23	None	110	110.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								+Idea -cheaters-more cheaters-you have to mute voice chat because them kids-oh and alot of cheaters			
Posted: December 29, 2017	0	9	None	110	182.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
												GREAT GAME, TERRIBLE DEVELOPERS. This game needs to have a region lock, developers have let the game become infested with hackers.  Every single match I join has a hacker.  Thumbs down until something is done about this. THE PEOPLE WHO PAID FOR THE PC VERSION HAVE BEEN ABANDONED AND DEVELOPMENT IS NOW FOCUSED ON CONSOLE.  DONT FORGET THE PLAYERS THAT FUNDED THIS GAME!▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: December 29, 2017	2	48	None	110	101.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Greatest follow up to H1Z1, can't wait for the next updates for better optimization and further development.Love it so far!			
Posted: December 29, 2017	179	2654	None	110	12.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								The most OVERHYPED game of all time!			
Posted: December 29, 2017	2	20	None	110	311.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 21
												Pros:-More serious and grittier alternative to Fortnite-Potential for tactical and strategic gameplay-Fairly polished gunfighting and hitboxes-Warmode is fun I guessCons:-Dev team focuses on negligible balancing issues rather than game-breaking bugs-Is effectively the same game it was at the beginning of early access-Horrific optimization means 60fps is unlikely on all but high-end rigs-Often the server lags when many people are in a small area making crowded endgame fights unfair-Minor updates (introducing new crates etc) are huge and require you to basically redownload most of the game again-This means major updates are bigger than most games-Cosmetic microtransactions on a £27 game? Seriously?-Attempts to sue main rival, proceeds to leech successful systems like event pass for even more money-Anti-cheat system is non-existent, in my experience there is at least one aimbot/wallhack in most games-Dev team ban hundreds of thousands of hacked accounts in China, yet refuse to region lock servers when most hackers on EU have chinese or randomly generated names-On the above point, this is probably because they can milk another £27 out of the players who've been banned from AS server for their new account-Meh, seems that £700m+ is too little for this companyOverall I'd say it's an enjoyable experience to play and one of the better-funtioning games of its genre. Personally, I don't regret buying the game for £27 and playing it for 250+hours since early access. However, even considering its popularity PUBG is not worth buying for that price now. This game is not going anywhere in the future and the dev team's negligence will eventually cause players taking a break from the game not to come back to it unless something changes quickly.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	4	20	None	110	468.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG is the exactly what DayZ and H1Z1 could have been. It takes the best of both worlds, gives you scopies (4x 8x) and improves upon the Battle Royale genre. The new golden standard for Battle Royale, also so far has been tastefully monetized (none in early access). Enjoy with the full endorsement of someone with potato aim.			
Posted: December 29, 2017	402	420	None	110	189.1	Recommended	
Posted: August 21, 2017
												Story Time:>>Go AFK in plane to see how many easy kills I can get>>Parachute out see that noone else is AFK>>Damn man Better think quick>>Fly to bottom left corner of map>>Notice noone followed >>Start to loot and pray to circle god that the circle is kind>>It's Not>>Circle is on far right side of map>>No car nearby>>Clench buthole and run for circle praying to PUBG gods I find car>>Find car but it's parked.>>Damn fam someone is nearby>>See man jump out of building>>I have upper hand>>Creep up on him>>Damn about to get me a kill>>Has back turned to me>>My time to shine>>Start shooting>>Guy yells out, "Don't shoot don't shoot">>I stop>>Guy says "Let's go together and then go our seperate ways at the circle.">>I ask why should I?>> he explains his game has been crashing a lot and hasn't had a full game yet.>>I accept offer and we head off together>>I ask what his specs are on the ride>>Find out he plays on low>>Tell him try lowest>>He is shocked there is a lowest, but thanks me for the info>>Make it to circle>>Let him out near abandon car>>He thanks me for letting him live>>I drive off>>MFW I made a friend in this game			
Posted: December 29, 2017	2	31	None	110	261.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19
												Worst optimization in gaming history			
Posted: October 31, 2017	126	621	None	220	721.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								"10/31/2017"Hackers.....,Hackers Everywhere...https://imgur.com/a/S3V5o 
Posted: October 31, 2017	2	17	None	220	466.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24
												Still not optimized ,lots of cheaters and lots of bugs			
Posted: October 31, 2017	0	17	None	220	84.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hackers...			
Posted: October 31, 2017	1	17	None	220	1,245.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												Absolutely garbage game. 800 hours later and it still feels like day one of cheating. ♥♥♥♥♥est developers in the world rn, cartoon games leaving this dirt to rot.			
Posted: October 31, 2017	5	28	None	220	370.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								piece of cancerbad hitreglots of hackersbad performancein the beginning it was fun but when u start to take the game more serious you just feel like cutting youself			
Posted: October 31, 2017	1	17	None	220	116.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dev's are a bunch of butthurt ♥♥♥♥s who lie to their fanbase. Game is fun, but if i could refund i would just based on principal.			
Posted: October 31, 2017	3	17	None	220	548.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 21
												bluehole has their priorities list upsidedown, plz someone send halp.			
Posted: October 31, 2017	0	17	None	220	138.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Before I start: I know this game is very, very new, and that I'm sure that there will be many updates in the future that may fix the problems I am currently having with this game. However, this review will be less for people wanting to purchase it, and more for the developer/s that created it.To start this review off, I'd like to say that the idea for this game is absolutely fascinating. I love the concept of skydiving into a crazy warzone with a group of friends, searching for resources, and fighting against a horde of other people to try to be the top survivors in the Battleground. The music is nice, the setting (itself) is great, and the various different cosmetic items are refreshing. However, when it comes to execution and performance, this game is practically unplayable in its current state. Constant FPS drops (usually happens right when I see another player), various glitches (such as running yourself over), and a world that is so unbelievably large that it slows down the game to render objects that are just a couple feet in front of your character. No matter how low I put the display settings in the menu, the FPS and rendering problems still remain. I cannot tell you how frustrating it is to see that the game isn't any more playable on "Very low" settings than it is in "Ultra" settings. I have a very compatable computer, and it is almost equal to that of the reccomended requirements. No matter how good your PC is, IT WILL STILL HAVE TROUBLE RUNNING THIS GAME. This game often has crashed my computer, causing me to restart it (everytime it crashes). This game is very, very difficult to play when your FPS drops to about 1 everytime you encounter another person on the battleground. It isn't enjoyable to know that it is basically impossible to be the last man standing.I would rant more, but this review is getting repetitive. My advice to anyone thinking about buying this game:Do NOT buy it... ...yet.Give it some time first, there is a LOT to be updated and done, and I hope that the developer/s find a way to fix every single last one of these problems. Until then, I'll be keeping this review as a "Do not buy". I think I would really enjoy this game (if it would run smoothly enough for me to actually play it)!			
Posted: October 31, 2017	2	17	None	220	440.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16
												What I achieved today in PUBG:- [game not responding] 4 or 5 times. One of these times ALT+F4 didn't work, so I had to shut down my PC;- [launcher has stopped working] - less than a minute after every time I restarted the game;- [network lag detected] - 1;- [failed to initialize steam] - 1.Cheaters encountered:- 1 obvious cheater (head aimbot + norecoil);- 1 questionable (I admit, this guy could have just been global elite doing his lucky nozoom headshots).All this happened in less than 3 hours with brand new game right after update and files check.100% E-SPORTS READYDO NOT BUY THIS GAME.PS, VSS uses 9x39 armor piercing rounds, not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pistol 9x19.			
Posted: October 31, 2017	6	17	None	220	261.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								sex			
Posted: April 26	845	541	None	95	945.9	Recommended	
Posted: April 26
												Server too busyServer too busyServer too busyGet rekt by a hackerServer too busyServer too busyServer too busyNetwork lag detected			
Posted: April 26	50	58	None	95	382.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 8
												my game stopped working after installing the updates. thats great because playing it was really painful!			
Posted: April 26	2	44	None	95	120.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game needs Optimization.			
Posted: April 26	1	14	None	95	600.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												The game is only getting worse and worse all the time.There is no point in buying it until they add a region lock. Since the game has no region lock, the internet connections become extremely unbalanced, and whoever has worse internet has a huge advantage. It has almsot become unplayable ever since the Chinese (In general) coming on EU servers (NA servers aswell). Besides all those connection issues, the game is great. In short: Don't buy the game until Bluehole adds a region lock / starts to match players based on their connection.Edit: Don't buy the game at all. It's getting worse day by day. The game is no longer about having skills. It's all about ping and luck by now. The weapon damage also change all the time, so it's impossible for players to get used to them when they change all the time. Obviously it's like this so that newer players get a chance, but it still ruins the game. A ranking system would be better.			
Posted: April 26	3	14	None	95	1,134.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: April 26	1	14	None	95	396.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21, 2017
												Was good, ran smoothly, played great. Now it has frame drop and it crashes randomly. Chinese are on US servers and the inconsistancy of this game makes me want to eat a raw potato. The long range sniping is pretty on point though, I'll give em that and that's why I still play.EDIT: After 1.0 came out the game ran amazing for me. With the new map, weapons, and other little additions I play this game a lot more now. I still don't recommend it though unless it's on sale.EDIT 2: Yeah this game is going down the shitbox. I will remember you. RIP.			
Posted: April 26	0	14	None	95	16.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Product received for free
												A game that has an idea that is more compelling than the game that was eventually made, well almost made. The game doesn't feel close to finished. It has some performance issues, bugs, glitches, rough animations, and spotty hit registration that makes for an experience that can be subpar. However the 1.0 update is better to a noticable degree. The UI, HUD, & performance has been improved, and I've had a more enjoyable experience. Even the main menu gives off a higher quality feel to the product and overall its steering to be a more polished looking game. PUBG still needs a lot of work and for the asking price its not the best experience you can get for that money. However purchasing it as is, isn't as bad as it was before.If you still want to buy it, at least get some friends to be frustrated with.			
Posted: April 26	2	14	None	95	175.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												This game still is and feels like an early beta. It's a buggy mess. Don't be fooled by "full release", this game is still FAR away from anywhere near polished or full featured.The concept is great, the execution -♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Given, that the creator of the game is multimillionaire now, I can't comprehend how the simplest and most requested features like: a shooting range are still missing from the game.Stay away from it, untill it's patched to high heavens.			
Posted: April 26	3	14	None	95	591.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17
												#RegionLockChina			
Posted: April 26	2	14	None	95	37.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												It's got REALLY bad netcode. What's happending on your screen is not at all necessarily what's happening on someone elses.Looking forward to what other more experienced companies do with the BR genre. The potential is kinda wasted in this given how inconsistent online is, it's kinda a sht show despiste leaving EA.EDIT: Further to the bad netcode or online, all of my career stats are erased for a second time as of February 8, 2018. Total Play Time: 0hrs. Total anything zero. Half of the fun in these online only games are stats. It's pretty brutal that they'd randomly get completely erased twice.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	2	14	None	37	175.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												This game still is and feels like an early beta. It's a buggy mess. Don't be fooled by "full release", this game is still FAR away from anywhere near polished or full featured.The concept is great, the execution -♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Given, that the creator of the game is multimillionaire now, I can't comprehend how the simplest and most requested features like: a shooting range are still missing from the game.Stay away from it, untill it's patched to high heavens.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	0	14	None	37	307.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 26
												Devs said there will be no in-game purchase and paid DLCs.What we have now: -Tons of crates, opened by real-money keys. You get ingame currency, but you can only spend it on these crates. You won't be able to open them.-Real-money "Event Pass". PUBG has missions now, but for most of the missions you won't be able to claim the reward, unless you own the pass. So, technically, an aspect of the game is hidden behind a paywall. Shame.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	1	52	None	37	9.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Heavy handed bans and are in the pocket of every Twitch Streamer who wants to complain to them.  Fix your policies.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	4	33	None	37	694.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27
												I am really mad! I paid for the game and now i have to pay more to enjoy your event content?! A big double middle fingers in your face! Greedy devs. Bad.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	2	14	None	37	226.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 13
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: December 22, 2017	0	14	None	37	2,338.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												1.0 has been launched and lag issue has become unbearable. If you drop to a place with 2 or more people, the lag continues for at least 5 minutes and it is not a normal lag where you try to open a door and it gets opened 2 seconds later.  You can't go forward, because it is like you go 2 meter forward, suddenly you find yourself 1 meter behind where you started. And it is not once in a while issue, it is continuous for god damn 5 minutes. It is said in the news that "the combined excitement of everyone has melted the servers", which is a pretty lame excuse. Buy more servers for gods sake, dont be such a penny pincher. Other than that, I think the v1.0 looks quite good, and it is fun to play if you can stand the lag. I could not stand it, and will not probably play until this issue is fixed.			
Posted: December 22, 2017	227	155	None	37	129.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24
Product received for free
												Player base: "Please Fix the game, its broken"Bluehole nibbas: "No" Player base: "At least optimize the game"Bluehole nibbas: "No" *default dance*Player base: "AT LEAST ADD MORE GOOD THINGS"Bluehole nibbas: *Add pistol but with 40 ammos* ♥♥♥♥♥♥d 1 c c*Player base: "What the f r i c k" *give high amount of negative review*Bluehole nibbas: "What the F r i c k"			
Posted: December 22, 2017	3	49	None	37	2,508.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lately too many CHEATERS! Hold off on your buy untill cheating issue is resolved.(Cheating; ESP, WALLHACK, AIMBOT)Basically in every match there are at least 2 to 3 aimbotters, Once u have putted ur effort in looting and then get headshotted from 1KM away, the fun is off and ur♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and raging as a maniac.BLUEHOLE RESOLVE THIS GODDAMN CHEATING ISSUE			
Posted: December 22, 2017	1	57	None	37	340.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game, ♥♥♥♥ microtransactions			
Posted: December 22, 2017	3	30	None	37	662.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Literally worst devleopment team ever, they make hundreds of millions off a s hitty early access game and then turn around and work on a Xbox version (which is trash) with our early access investment money. This game has been ruined by HACKERS in every fuc king game mode. This began to bubble over in October 2017 and is even worse in 2018. They need to region lock china but refuse to. I hope this game fuc king dies, you've disrepected your early access investors. Good riddance.			
Posted: May 30	2	30	None	689	133.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30
												EDIT 28/6/2018: Bluehole has withdrawn the lawsuit against Fortnite. While I would say this is a good thing to happen, I will still leave this review up to be read as it was originally written. To quote JFK: "Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names." Same principle: While we can be happy that Bluehole has withdrawn the lawsuit, the fact that they have done this lawsuit in the first place (and other scummy practices in the past) means that people need to keep a watchful eye on Bluehole and PUBG so that this stuff doesn't happen again. I still stand by the things I've said here, and I hope this review will still highlight just how scummy Bluehole can be as a developer studio for those who were not around and/or aware of the lawsuit filed against Fortnite.To say that this game is the worst of the battle royale games is a blatant lie. I will not deny that PUBG was the key contributor to bringing the battle royale genre to what it is today. The gameplay can range from boring and mundane walking through empty plains to heartpounding and sweat-inducing thrills. Comparing it to Fortnite would, in my opinion, be semi-pointless because both of them handle the gameplay very differently. In the end, it comes down to personal preference, and if you like PUBG, then the more power to you. I won't deny that the game is good, successful or how it changed some things in the game industry. So wait, if I'm saying the game is good, then why am I not recommending it? Because of the developers and their attitude towards any game developer who dares to utter the term "battle royale".Bluehole has lost a lot of respect for me over the time I've had their game. With the addition of lootboxes before full release (not that adding them in was a good thing to begin with), lack of bug fixes and optimization, and a VERY inflated ego over the success of their game, Bluehole has shown very little incentive to actually make their game a more fun experience and instead focuses on taking out the competition by issuing lawsuit after lawsuit over incredibly petty issues, like having a frying pan (which Bluehole states is "iconic to PUBG" and apparently therefore cannot be used in any other game), weapons (PUBG bases their own weapons on real life weapons, yet they have the nerve to say they own this?) and a rubber chicken that had nothing to do with PUBG in the first place, but Bluehole then claimed that it was referring to their "iconic" Winner Winner Chicken Dinner victory statement (I don't think it even needs to be said, but I'm fairly certain they did not create this statement).Then comes the Fortnite lawsuit. Remember when I said comparing PUBG to Fortnite would be semi-pointless? Well, Bluehole seems to disagree. There is no doubt that when Fortnite hit the scene, it did many of the things that PUBG did and improved on them, it was free, different and because of all that it took the world by storm. Epic Games themselves admitted that they were inspired by PUBG to make their own version in Fortnite, yet Bluehole seemed to have understood "inspired by" as "we stole content from", which is absolutely not the case. Now that Fortnite skyrocketed past PUBG, Bluehole is trying its best to bring it down, and for a game that's already as successful as PUBG, that is just sad.I find it funny that Fortnite, possibly one of the most original looking battle royale games out there to date, is being accused of stealing content by developers of PUBG, which is known to have used stock assets. Nothing wrong with using premade assets and I will not fault Bluehole for doing it, especially since they're one of the few game devs who actually used premade assets properly. But I find it ironic that a game that has used assets not made by themselves is claiming copyright over a game that has made its own assets from scratch... and funnily enough, they're focusing their lawsuit on gameplay aspects more than anything... You know, basically for being in the battle royale genre.Bluehole wants devs to enter the battle royale scene, but seem to be actively suing any major title creators who do it, and only because they don't want competition. If we were to go insert their logic as standard in the game industry, then platformer games would be owned by Nintendo, and games like Mega Man or LittleBigPlanet wouldn't exist. First Person Shooters would be owned by id Software, and Activision would have never made it big with Call of Duty. Bluehole seemed to be a big innovator, but now they seem like the antithesis of innovation.For this reason, I do not want to recommend this game. If Bluehole wants to take out their drop in fame on other games more popular than theirs, then I don't think that they deserve your time or money. So again, the quality of the game is good enough to be enjoyable, but the attitude of the developers is something that we do not need in the game industry.Also, if Bluehole actually got away with this lawsuit, it could set a very dangerous precedent where game devs would be able to sue others for just as petty things, and the game industry would be filled with nothing but false and frivolous lawsuits between companies, big or small. Food for thought.			
Posted: May 30	11	30	None	689	228.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												After the new update the game doesnt start, another perfect update~			
Posted: May 30	2	73	None	689	274.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								抢先体验版本评测Bluehole Chinese Official and Douyu Streaming Platform indulges Chinese "famous" game streamer "55kai" Lu Benwei with repeated cheating behaviors on Douyu Streaming Platform, which makes a extremely immoral example for teenagers and all players and lovers of PUBG. We protest against Cheating and Official's ignorance!We Require Justice and Fairness！蓝洞中国官方和斗鱼直播平台放任中国知名游戏主播“55开”卢本伟在斗鱼直播平台上的多次开外挂作弊行为，为青少年和游戏爱好者做出了极其恶劣的不道德示范。我们抗议作弊行为和官方的漠然不作为！我们需要公平和公正！卢本伟认错道歉之前不会改差评。			
Posted: May 30	1	38	None	689	628.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honestly the best Battle Royale game Ive played and its only still in Early Access,developer of Battle Royale in H1Z1 and Arma2 finally making his own standalone game.One of the best "Early Access" games I only regret not buying earlier.Still thinking whether to get it?Trust me it is worth the buy especially if you get a "rare" cosmetic itemyou can easily resell it and earn back what you have spent on.Only issue with the game now is the sudden server rubber banding lag and optimizationwhich the developers are already working on right now. The announcement link  here[www.playbattlegrounds.com]Those who already have the game see you on the battlegrounds :)			
Posted: May 30	15	38	None	689	418.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 14
												1.You have to make sure that your Chinese level is enough to make those Chinese team killer think you are Chinese too.2.30,000,000 downloads, 3,000,000 actives, 1,000,000 cheaters, in the other word, 1/3 cheaters every game:)If you sure you want this game, let me teach you a little Chinese, it may save your life in the game.1.Chinese players talk loudly, and will shout "syon di" or "syon de" to you. They are trying to know if you are Chinese.    You'd  better say the same word to them, or they will kill you when you get a lot of items.2.You may meet some Chinese players always say "tso" or "nima", they may kill you however you can speak Chinese.    Keep away from them please.3.To most Chinese players, they won't kill you if you just shout "CHINA NUMBA WAN!", 4.Chinese players who always talk are noobs. Solo is better than trying to take a team work with them.You still want this game?			
Posted: May 30	81	816	None	689	172.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Why is the movement so clunky and awkward?Why is the spectator mode so desynced in a game where death is permanent and you have nothing to do but watch your friends after you die?Why do the menus not work half the time, needing to be refreshed before a simple button works?Why does the game default to solo on the Asian server after every single game even though I always select solo FPP on the North American server?Why is the scoring system so inconsistent?Why can't I- as the passenger in a car- drink an energy drink while the car is moving?Why do my ankles snap when getting out of a vehicle moving at about five miles per hour when I'm able to jump off the roof of a school and carry on like nothing happened?Why are loot and vehicles so poorly distributed across the map?Why does nearly every two story house have only one way to get upstairs?Why are the graphics so bad?Why is turning down certain graphics settings advantageous in a game like this?I have a lot more questions too.I know someone's going to tell me that it's because it's early access, but that's no excuse for the play button not working. Even the cheapest shovelware copy and paste games managed to get that right.I have fun playing it when I don't end up getting permanently stuck in place and dying half way through a good round thanks to a bug, or when you don't happen to pick the one town in the entire map that happens to have nothing but weapon mods for SMGs (and not even any SMGs). But the reality is that if anyone else would take the idea and do it better, I'd be playing that instead.			
Posted: May 30	13	54	None	689	269.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												the game is ugly, almost always boring, the maps are too big for 100 players, they took out rain and fog which were the only really interesting variants to the gameplay, much like dota 2 it introduces you to different cultures and teaches you to hate all of them more than you hate yourself, it tries to appeal to "esports" despite bieing only the most barebones and stupid definition of "esports ready", cs:go probably has better servers, the devs kiss streamer's asses, streamers pretty much ARE walking talking asses, and the game doesn't feel ready to leave early accessyet despite all that, i can't stop playing the ♥♥♥♥ing thing, maybe it's the allure of making money off ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crates but i can't put the thing down and it's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off			
Posted: May 30	0	11	None	689	302.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												As long as this game has no region lock and/or proper cheat protection, you wont have fun anymore.Chinese hackers are infesting this game, runinig the fun for everyone else.Don't buy this crap unless it gets fixed.			
Posted: May 30	0	11	None	689	38.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												fun to play, hard to master. totnutoe niet veel in aanraking gekomen met cheaters etc.			
Posted: May 30	0	11	None	689	139.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Added in microtransactions when promised not tooRidiculous reporting systemThe most obvious popular clothes everyone wants are extremely rare.  
Posted: January 24	0	11	None	42	38.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												fun to play, hard to master. totnutoe niet veel in aanraking gekomen met cheaters etc.			
Posted: January 24	4	11	None	42	190.8	Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: January 24	0	11	None	42	30.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I used to enjoy this game a lot with my friends but now things changed a lot. Cheaters plagued the server and they serve no purpose but to spoil my ~20 mins of fun. I've seen a variety of cheating (with video/gif as proof), examples being- Hyperspeed (run as fast as a Dacia);- Invisibility;- Megapunch (create a explosion in the plane and immediately kill 80+ players);- Aimbot (automatically aim at other player's head, torso, etc);- X-ray (reveal an outline of other players, thorugh obstacles);- One hit kill;- Many more I can't recall...As the game evolved over time, the cheats also evolved as well. I knew the devs has been banning cheaters, but appearently that has little effect on this situation. I will not play PUBG anymore unless Bluehole fix this issue.			
Posted: January 24	4	59	None	42	94.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This game is GARBAGE. Bluehole wants to proritize pushing out skins and new crates before they actually fix their game. Don't waste your money. This game will die soon because hackers and bugs that wont get fixed run rampart with this game.			
Posted: January 24	1	11	None	42	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 13, 2017
												stop having a♥♥♥♥♥♥taste in videogames lole			
Posted: January 24	1	11	None	42	478.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Just too many hackers now its stupid			
Posted: January 24	1	11	None	42	433.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
												Too many asian cheaters, a couple of annoying bugs like the one that makes the game not to load and get stuck (may not happen or may happen during everynight making you to force close or reboot and reconnect), and of course some disconnections or servers busy...			
Posted: January 24	1	35	None	42	52.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26
												rather than optimizing the game they add emotes and weapon skins. the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ company i know of			
Posted: January 24	5	11	None	42	354.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
												Hey Bluehole, how about fix the f***ing mechanics of the damn game instead of adding a new crate every 2 weeksJust uninstalled and wont be installing again anytime soon			
Posted: January 24	2	11	None	42	399.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1
												can·cer /noun/; PUBG SEA and AS servers; literally this game"John enjoyed cancer last night when he encountered 3 teamers and 2 hackers."			
Posted: January 11	4	11	None	25	190.8	Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: January 11	1	11	None	25	478.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Just too many hackers now its stupid			
Posted: January 11	1	11	None	25	433.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
												Too many asian cheaters, a couple of annoying bugs like the one that makes the game not to load and get stuck (may not happen or may happen during everynight making you to force close or reboot and reconnect), and of course some disconnections or servers busy...			
Posted: January 11	3	11	None	25	696.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												After a long hours of playing this game, I can say that I would not recommend this unless you're here for memes.If not, save the money, buy drug instead.Developers didn't care about the players and adding more and more ridiculous crates.They promised no cosmetic. What is this?Are you guys trying to imitate EA? What are you going to release next? DLC for PUBG?Full released game? I can see this game probably going to be F2P... just like H1Z1. This game is full of bugs and hackers. I am thankful for devs for fixing this but sometimes fixing it making it more broken.Region-lock?They say "there is no reason to region lock." - 2017Why Now? When most streamers moved to Fortnite or other games, they are trying to clickbait the players again with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They promised us custom server but where is it? Only available for Youtuber/Twitch streamer with 50,000 subs / 150 concurrent views. But how did some people with no-name or whatsoever can have their own custom server? Take a look at the Custom Match list. They're not even streamer and mostly unknown people who hosted the server, how did they get the server? Some hacker clans (if you play long enough you know the hacker clans) have their own custom server????PUBG Support is really useless.I contacted PUBG Support and reported players hacking with A CLEAR VIDEO OF EVIDENCE (snake hack/instant heal/aimbot...etc-etc)... The next day I play, it's the same players AGAIN.Contacted them and guess what... "WE DID NOT TAKE ACTION AGAINST THIS PLAYER...WAITING FOR A NUMBER OF REPORTS TO..."waiting for numbers of reports? What a waste of time trying to talk to them.The game used to be good... Very good. I really or...used to love the game.I'm very dissapointed of what it has become.Until they enforce a strong anti-hack/VAC ban or whatsoever measure to fight the hackers and fix the game, I might change the review...For now, RIP PUBG.P.S. Still playing with friends for MEMES.			
Posted: January 11	0	19	None	25	65.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Getting banned for interacting with streamers in game is not okay.			
Posted: January 11	1	35	None	25	52.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26
												rather than optimizing the game they add emotes and weapon skins. the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ company i know of			
Posted: January 11	5	11	None	25	354.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
												Hey Bluehole, how about fix the f***ing mechanics of the damn game instead of adding a new crate every 2 weeksJust uninstalled and wont be installing again anytime soon			
Posted: January 11	2	11	None	25	795.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█We're racist for not wanting ♥♥♥♥ing cheaters and people with more lag than a retard's brain? ♥♥♥♥ you Brendan Greene.			
Posted: January 11	1	11	None	25	597.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Seems like 9 out of 10 games you play you will encounter some type of player using an aimbot,speedhack, or esp the game is fun but it has a serious problem with cheaters, And it's getting worse as time passes before you would run into a cheater once in a while and be like wow that sucks but whatever and you would get over it. However it's hard to get over it when it happens in every single match it seems. And to make matters worse "We are currently banning at a rate of 6K-13K per day, nearly 20K within the last 24 hours alone. The vast majority is from China." that's from battleye, And you got the devs saying that out of 50 games they've never encountered a cheater so no wonder they dont seem worried about fixing it.			
Posted: January 11	0	11	None	25	199.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								After months tolerating the game being poorly optimized, laggy and buggy, the final nail in the coffin is that I now can't even play the game at all. Problems with the Battleeye service prevent me from being able to progress past initially loading into a lobby. Lots of other people have this issue and while there are many solutions out there (found by the community, not the developers) that work for some, none have worked for me, and many others report the same. Maybe the issue will be finally looked into by the time of official release, but regardless, I can't recommend a game that I spent money on and now can't even play. I guess at only $30 it's hard to complain, but I'd rather spend my time on actual quality games, or at least games that function on the most basic level.			
Posted: June 26	13	11	None	169	24.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 26
												Winner Winner! Ban Wave Dinner			
Posted: June 26	0	19	None	169	128.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								The games is absolutely riddled with network problems, complete lack of optimization and balance issues.Please do not buy and support ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practices like microtransactions in an early access BEFORE EVEN FIXING or completing the game.Other than that it is promising, look forward to it AFTER RELEASE			
Posted: June 26	1	27	None	169	391.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								After 400 hours played i can finally review this game.PROS: Game was initially amazing, mostly because of its potential, unique gameplay, and all. And i can say it WAS amazing because altough it was buggy as hell, it was EARLY ACCESS and alot of work in front of us. Overall, i enjoyed this game the best i could.CONS: Now, take everything i said, and play this buggy and unfinished game as a FULL RELEASE. Not sure when, but they chose the money way and hurry up releases that weren't ready instead of making the game as it should.I will avoid the game until i'm sure its a FINISHED GAME and one that doesn't crash and desync like a incomplete game.			
Posted: June 26	0	11	None	169	212.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 6
												Had a really great time on this game until cheaters came in... Totally ♥♥♥♥ed up atm, hope they will fix this asap			
Posted: June 26	3	27	None	169	677.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 16
												I dont know why I play this game. It might be because Im hoping for good updates to fix the 100000 bugs i have encountered on it. But no, all you get is 9 gig updates every month or so for no apperant reason and a 26 mg update EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING HOUR. Honestly.			
Posted: June 26	0	11	None	169	285.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Deep♥♥♥♥♥♥with really low frame-per-second I play gta V on 75-80 fps and rainbow six with 100 fps but in this game even with lowest graphic setiing I can get maximum 40 fps :\ totaly♥♥♥♥♥♥and laggy. My bullets take 2-3 second to take down the target :D			
Posted: June 26	2	11	None	169	795.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 24
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█We're racist for not wanting ♥♥♥♥ing cheaters and people with more lag than a retard's brain? ♥♥♥♥ you Brendan Greene.			
Posted: June 26	1	11	None	169	597.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Seems like 9 out of 10 games you play you will encounter some type of player using an aimbot,speedhack, or esp the game is fun but it has a serious problem with cheaters, And it's getting worse as time passes before you would run into a cheater once in a while and be like wow that sucks but whatever and you would get over it. However it's hard to get over it when it happens in every single match it seems. And to make matters worse "We are currently banning at a rate of 6K-13K per day, nearly 20K within the last 24 hours alone. The vast majority is from China." that's from battleye, And you got the devs saying that out of 50 games they've never encountered a cheater so no wonder they dont seem worried about fixing it.			
Posted: June 26	0	11	None	169	194.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												Could be a really good game. The core gameplay is fundamentally broken due to terrible netcode. Dying behind corners, dying when you shot first. Game is barely playable until 50 people are dead. Hot dropping is pointless. The game has been out and there has been nearly no improvement, despite constant promises from the devs that it will get better. It hasn't.			
Posted: June 26	0	11	None	169	291.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25
												An awesome game ruined by greedy developers. The developers are only bothered for money and never tried to fix the anti cheat.They started off very well using twitch streamers to make the game known to all and it was real fun to play before the 1.0 update. Sadly everything started going downhill after that and every game has hackers who wallhack, auto aim, no recoil and so on. Wish the developers take notice and stop such before the game is dead.The graphics and gun mechanics are really good, if it wasn't for these damn hackers the game would be great. So developers there is still time to make things right. Start banning the people for using hacks, watch a few matches of the top 100 people as there are some with unusual figures.			
Posted: January 30	8	27	None	1,268	503.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
												বালের গেম. 
Posted: January 30	0	11	None	1,268	199.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								After months tolerating the game being poorly optimized, laggy and buggy, the final nail in the coffin is that I now can't even play the game at all. Problems with the Battleeye service prevent me from being able to progress past initially loading into a lobby. Lots of other people have this issue and while there are many solutions out there (found by the community, not the developers) that work for some, none have worked for me, and many others report the same. Maybe the issue will be finally looked into by the time of official release, but regardless, I can't recommend a game that I spent money on and now can't even play. I guess at only $30 it's hard to complain, but I'd rather spend my time on actual quality games, or at least games that function on the most basic level.			
Posted: January 30	1	11	None	1,268	92.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								cheaters everywhere			
Posted: January 30	2	40	None	1,268	615.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bluehole Chinese Official indulges Chinese famous game streamer "55kai" Lu Benwei with repeated cheating behaviors on Douyu Streaming Platform, which makes a extremely immoral example for teenagers and all players and lovers of PUBG. We protest against Cheating and Official's ignorance!We Need Justice and Fairness！			
Posted: January 30	2	32	None	1,268	67.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█jk dont play this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game anyways			
Posted: January 30	39	515	None	1,268	396.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
												EDIT 09/20/18 GO PLAY TENCENT'S (THEY OWN BLUEHOLE) NEW BR GAME RING OF ELYSIUM ITS WHAT PUBG SHOULD BEEDIT 1/1/18 Servers are back to being a mess of constant rubberbanding and the hackers are out in force.EDIT 12/27/2017 I've decided if i cant escape the chinese invaders on the NA servers ill become the invader on the Asia servers, suprisingly theres less of those hackers yelling Chinese at me on the asian servers than there is on the NA servers. Weird.EDIT 12/23/17 So the hackers screaming languages i do not speak have found me on the NA server so that was very short lived its a shame that player unknown himself has said restricing access to servers based on your ip's geographical location (using a vpn would bypass this but render the game unplayable by rocketing their ping even higher) is a "knee jerk reaction" to the hacker influx from china, other than that games running smooth for the most part.EDIT: 12/21/17 The full release of PUBG has surpised me and has addressed alot of the issues i had with its server netcode and performance. i've yet to run into any hackers though so i cant comment on that complaint but so far if it stays the course its going in i can change my review to recommending this game.PRE-RELEASE REVIEW: Servers are garbage and inhabited by nothing by the Chinese who feel the need to hack. Just found out the garbage fire called servers reach a max of 16 hz refresh rate. in comparison csgo has a 60 hz refresh rate which is bashed constantly for being too slow. the optimal refresh rate range is 64 hz to 128 hz, Fortnite battle royale (a free competitor in the battle royale genre) runs at a 20hz tickrate there is no excuse for a 30 dollar game that has micro transactions in the form of loot box keys and the share they get from community market place transactions to start at 3hz and work its way up to 16hz max.			
Posted: January 30	4	24	None	1,268	281.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												The worst Battle Royale game on the marked and completely consumed by greed			
Posted: January 30	0	24	None	1,268	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Laggy, buggy and poor UI scaling			
Posted: January 30	5	53	None	1,268	232.4	Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Battlegrounds has a lot of issues, but that comes in hand with early access.Its very poorly optimised and has obvious flaws in game but a dedicated and passionate dev team makes the future for Battlegounds look bright.With realistic ballistics and arma style combat this game takes some getting used to.Once into the swing of things its a heap of fun however. Everytime you reach the top 10 there seems to be memorable moments on your journey of survival that really give a sense of enjoyment and fun.This game really builds memories and there are lots of good times that you will take away from it after you stop playing.Pros- Time to kill is sensible- Guns seem fairly balanced- Dedicated developement team- Great gameplay mechanics- Blue Hi Top trainers- Tense and fast paced late gameCons- Optimisation is awful for med to low tier pcs, high frames give a significant advantage in gunfights, laggy cities, game looks terrible on less than high settings- Cars are buggy flip very easily- Loot crates very unrewarding- Armor bit overpowered?- Some games can be boring if you don't see many people- Getting out of cars while moving instakills you at anything over 30kms-  Barely anything apart from doors can be shot through- Submachine guns and pistols are fairly outmatched past the first few circles			
Posted: January 30	1	16	None	1,268	161.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								17 tick servers filled to the brim with irritating bugs and inconsistencies.. Unfortunately this game is going from bad to worse. 
Posted: May 29	0	16	None	110	8.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 29
Product received for free
												This game is toxic as heck! One issue would be the entire squad speaks different language and you don't understand a thing. Two, everyone is like god aim. Three, players wasn't placed according to their ranking - let's just say that you're new and might be 1 vs 1 with competitive player and it's frustrating. Four, current specs are enough to run on high with 60+ fps but flops like what the hell! Don't buy - high volume of negative reviews as of May 29, 2018.			
Posted: May 29	1	16	None	110	550.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's fun but the performance, Dsync, lag, and all the bugs/glitches are just awful.  It's been months and almost nothing is fixed.			
Posted: May 29	23	207	None	110	539.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								so dispointed for the ingame add, i purchased the game and you insert some freaking add?			
Posted: May 29	101	288	None	110	639.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								RIP h1z1........  
Posted: May 29	4	68	None	110	495.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bluehole Chinese Official and Douyu Streaming Platform indulges Chinese "famous" game streamer "55kai" Lu Benwei with repeated cheating behaviors on Douyu Streaming Platform, which makes a extremely immoral example for teenagers and all players and lovers of PUBG. We protest against Cheating and Official's ignorance!We Require Justice and Fairness！蓝洞中国官方和斗鱼直播平台放任中国知名游戏主播“55开”卢本伟在斗鱼直播平台上的多次开外挂作弊行为，为青少年和游戏爱好者做出了极其恶劣的不道德示范。我们抗议作弊行为和官方的漠然不作为！我们需要公平和公正！卢本伟认错道歉之前不会改差评。			
Posted: May 29	1	8	None	110	257.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												♥♥♥♥ the Chinese			
Posted: May 29	0	8	None	110	27.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21
												Game crashed on  my 3rd and 4th games just bad and overrated really			
Posted: May 29	1	8	None	110	1,027.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												10/10			
Posted: May 29	0	8	None	110	469.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												This game use to be amazing but the amount of hackers has runied it. For a game this is so popular the devs dont seem to be doing all that much around anticheat.. Until they sort this issue the game is pointless in playing as it doesnt matter how good you are or gear you have you have youll still get killed by a 3km no scope headshot by someone who doesnt seem to see the relevence in working for the reward			
Posted: May 29	1	8	None	110	1,156.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
												80% cheaters 20% noobs			
Posted: January 31	2	8	None	204	93.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												trash			
Posted: January 31	1	8	None	204	298.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Oof, when you manage to become more money hungry than a free to play.Oof, when you say you're gonna sue fortnite devs for copying you and then you make your own battle pass.Oof, when you still won't get rid of the goddamn chinese.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	158.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 20
												BAN THE ♥♥♥♥♥S, EVEN IF THEY AREN'T CHEATING THEIR PING IS THE GODDAMN WORST			
Posted: January 31	2	8	None	204	264.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												Full of hackers, so many bugs, cars are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥in the update, they drift more than the cars in FF tokyo drift, laggy af, loot drops are too inconsistent and awful, so many other complaints that i will not mention. Do not recommend.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	475.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Rampant cheating and invasion by Chinese players to NA, EU, and OC servers, ruines play.  (by massive, I mean you are very likely to meet a hacker in almost every game you play)Once ping lock / region lock is in place, and a very strong anti-cheat system put in, then thumbs up.  Until then, it's a sad waste of time to try.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	892.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												Sure, its fun to play with friends, and it definitely gives you a rush in some moments, but that amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that comes with this game is beyond it. 800 hours in and I can say I have experienced more glitches, late weapon spawns, lack of hit registrations and cheaters than I have decent games. This is coming from someone with 100+ chicken dinners, and even then I have experienced moments where I feel sorry for my enemy. Where blood puffs out of me but I take no damage, where a point blank shotgun shell that destroys my armour, doesnt destroy me. E-sports ready my♥♥♥♥♥ The only thing this is ready for is a checkup at the hospital, this game has more things wrong with it than my bed bound grandmother. Im not saying dont play it, by all means buy it and give the devs some more money so they can fix their broken game. Maybe then I'd spend more time enjoying myself than cursing the writers behind the game. In conclusion, I'll continue to play this game for the moments of enjoyment I have with my friends, but other than that...Nuh.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	1,099.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Becoming rife with spinbotters as of late. Oh and speed botters to it seems. 10/10 games the past week have had players who make over 60 kills, whilst running around spinning   and just scoring multi headshots.But hey, lets focus on banning people that streamers accuse of "stream sniping", and also as a developer tweet that there is not a major issue with hackers only to be contradicted by the very own anti-hack service they've employed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHSk9X2TAK0 here's a direct video of a speed botter on Squad OC tonight. This player is a name i've kept in a notepad from over 3 weeks ago since my squad last met him. (obviously we all sent shadowplay reports in, nice to see he's still here).			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	398.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22
												Garbage game.If you’ve resisted buying this so far, you’ve got the right approach. Don’t even think about spending a dime on this when Fortnite and H1Z1 are free. THIS should be free.Terrible performance across the board — no one I know can run this poorly-made POS without a hitch, and the cheap low-tick-rate servers just make things worse. Designed and programmed by amateurs — even the ♥♥♥♥ing menus stop working every few matches. There’s literally a “Reload UI” button because this happens so often. Pathetic.Dev team focuses on monetization before optimization — usually publishers get blamed for this, but “indies” get greedy too. “Boy, new guns and anti-cheat measures would be cool, but what I really want are some more cosmetic items,” said no one ever. It’s nice that you can just sell them on the Steam marketplace, but both GabeN and PlayerUnknown take a cut of all those transactions too. They’ve probably made billions just on marketplace fees alone, but the only way you’ll see anything more than a few pennies is if you buy a $2.50 key for the super special crates (spoiler alert: you’ll get an item worth less than a dollar). It’s not worth it. Loot crates are a cancer and must be stopped.The replay and spectate features are completely broken. It’s insane that they would try to make this into an esport before refining them. Even the “players left alive” counter, one of the most important features of the game, can be incorrect. The incompetence is mind-blowing.But the worst thing by far is the hackers. If you were playing Battlefield or COD and someone was hacking, you’d know immediately by looking at the scoreboard or the kill cam, at which point you would hop onto a different server. You won’t know it in this game until it’s too late. With the aforementioned ability to make real money off the in-game items and crates, the motivation for hacking becomes obvious and unavoidable. The devs’ greed is literally and directly encouraging people to hack. It’s a win-win for all parties... unless you just want to play games for fun. But who does that anymore?You will find fun moments here occasionally. You’ll make spectacular, satisfying shots to win matches and you’ll feel like you’re on top of the world, but those moments are fleeting and you’ll have little to show for it. More often than not, hackers or technical issues will ruin your fun. At PUBG’s core is a good game concept, but it’s buried under a mountain of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	235.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												cheaters everywhere now dont bother buying it. Had its since beta and now its rediculous how bad the cheaters are every game is ruined.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	118.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												Played 10 games, 6 of those I was killed by blatant cheats. Also, as you already know please region lock China			
Posted: January 31	2	8	None	204	93.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												trash			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	668.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 13, 2017
												Almost 600 hours into this game :Game was ok, now filled with cheaters at least 8 out of 10 games thanks to Chinese money farmers.Bugs are ok at some point if they don't affect your gameplay to much otherwhise almost unplayable which includes loot sometimes spawning in to late for some clients while your enemy picks up a shotty or an M4 and sprays you down, getting shot while behind cover, sometimes you need to 2 tap someone in the head + additional body shots in order to down someone while hes wearing nothing but lvl 1 armor, hit reg is a joke and half of your mag is choking doing no damage whatsoever oh and of course the chinese ruining this game.Before microtransactions were released the game was somewhat stable now it feels like half of the time you just farm for the points so you could "possibly" gain a couple of cents from buying those crappy crates or if you feel even more lucky unboxing a skirt that china farmers gratefully buy from you for cheap prices.Gameplay : 3/5Stability : 2/5Sound : 4/5 (as much as i wanna give it 5 because i actually love the gun sounds i have to take off 1 since you can actually go deaf because of this game and directional sound is really crappy when people are running close by)Overall : 3/5Game could be better, much better. Right now it's just a money farming simulator. Can be fun with friends not solo.Couldn't recommend this game as of right now, safe your frustration for something meaningful.Now with 1.0 out i wish i could change my review but sadly theres nothing to be changed, some big major problems still persist.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	1,094.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2017
												没啥可说的 服务器奇差无比 还趁机赚加速器的钱 不思进取的破游戏 迟早被取代			
Posted: January 31	1	8	None	204	298.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Oof, when you manage to become more money hungry than a free to play.Oof, when you say you're gonna sue fortnite devs for copying you and then you make your own battle pass.Oof, when you still won't get rid of the goddamn chinese.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	260.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has a great premise and is actually fun to play, preferably with a couple of friends....When it works.The issues that plague this game include but are not limited to: buildings not appearing on certain graphics cards, inability to reconnect to a game if you get disconnected, servers that barely work (and that sometimes downright fail, kicking you out of the game), horrible optimization forcing you to play on Low graphics even if you've got a decent graphics card.I hope it gets out of Early Access soon with all those problems fixed, otherwise I can't recommend it.And come on, for a studio that's had a gross revenue of about $500 million, fixing all these issues should be child's play. Buy more/better servers, get more staff (especially programmers) and avoid shady tactics like those ads you placed on China's players. (really? $500 million isn't enough?)			
Posted: January 31	2	8	None	204	264.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												Full of hackers, so many bugs, cars are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥in the update, they drift more than the cars in FF tokyo drift, laggy af, loot drops are too inconsistent and awful, so many other complaints that i will not mention. Do not recommend.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	475.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												Rampant cheating and invasion by Chinese players to NA, EU, and OC servers, ruines play.  (by massive, I mean you are very likely to meet a hacker in almost every game you play)Once ping lock / region lock is in place, and a very strong anti-cheat system put in, then thumbs up.  Until then, it's a sad waste of time to try.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	158.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 20
												BAN THE ♥♥♥♥♥S, EVEN IF THEY AREN'T CHEATING THEIR PING IS THE GODDAMN WORST			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	235.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												cheaters everywhere now dont bother buying it. Had its since beta and now its rediculous how bad the cheaters are every game is ruined.			
Posted: January 31	0	8	None	204	584.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												the hackers are incresing,I don't know if bule hole can really take those guys down,those hackers are really 多いんです、何故が分からないですか、でも、もう少し頑張ってみましょう。いつかはきっとやれるんだ、その日までには、おすすめしないわ			
Posted: October 14, 2017	0	8	None	109	260.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has a great premise and is actually fun to play, preferably with a couple of friends....When it works.The issues that plague this game include but are not limited to: buildings not appearing on certain graphics cards, inability to reconnect to a game if you get disconnected, servers that barely work (and that sometimes downright fail, kicking you out of the game), horrible optimization forcing you to play on Low graphics even if you've got a decent graphics card.I hope it gets out of Early Access soon with all those problems fixed, otherwise I can't recommend it.And come on, for a studio that's had a gross revenue of about $500 million, fixing all these issues should be child's play. Buy more/better servers, get more staff (especially programmers) and avoid shady tactics like those ads you placed on China's players. (really? $500 million isn't enough?)			
Posted: October 14, 2017	0	8	None	109	398.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22
												Garbage game.If you’ve resisted buying this so far, you’ve got the right approach. Don’t even think about spending a dime on this when Fortnite and H1Z1 are free. THIS should be free.Terrible performance across the board — no one I know can run this poorly-made POS without a hitch, and the cheap low-tick-rate servers just make things worse. Designed and programmed by amateurs — even the ♥♥♥♥ing menus stop working every few matches. There’s literally a “Reload UI” button because this happens so often. Pathetic.Dev team focuses on monetization before optimization — usually publishers get blamed for this, but “indies” get greedy too. “Boy, new guns and anti-cheat measures would be cool, but what I really want are some more cosmetic items,” said no one ever. It’s nice that you can just sell them on the Steam marketplace, but both GabeN and PlayerUnknown take a cut of all those transactions too. They’ve probably made billions just on marketplace fees alone, but the only way you’ll see anything more than a few pennies is if you buy a $2.50 key for the super special crates (spoiler alert: you’ll get an item worth less than a dollar). It’s not worth it. Loot crates are a cancer and must be stopped.The replay and spectate features are completely broken. It’s insane that they would try to make this into an esport before refining them. Even the “players left alive” counter, one of the most important features of the game, can be incorrect. The incompetence is mind-blowing.But the worst thing by far is the hackers. If you were playing Battlefield or COD and someone was hacking, you’d know immediately by looking at the scoreboard or the kill cam, at which point you would hop onto a different server. You won’t know it in this game until it’s too late. With the aforementioned ability to make real money off the in-game items and crates, the motivation for hacking becomes obvious and unavoidable. The devs’ greed is literally and directly encouraging people to hack. It’s a win-win for all parties... unless you just want to play games for fun. But who does that anymore?You will find fun moments here occasionally. You’ll make spectacular, satisfying shots to win matches and you’ll feel like you’re on top of the world, but those moments are fleeting and you’ll have little to show for it. More often than not, hackers or technical issues will ruin your fun. At PUBG’s core is a good game concept, but it’s buried under a mountain of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this.			
Posted: October 14, 2017	0	8	None	109	27.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21
												Game crashed on  my 3rd and 4th games just bad and overrated really			
Posted: October 14, 2017	0	8	None	109	387.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												Trash company.			
Posted: October 14, 2017	1	8	None	109	531.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
												UPD: nothing changed. except I WAS FALSELY BANNED TWICE. fun times. Literal **ithole Corporationit's a long review extending into the comments; theKey notes:+ fun when playing with friends+ core content is enough to enjoy the game (map, weapons, vehicles)+ insanely addictive+ play it your way: whether you want to do deathmatch at school or loot safely in a dead-end village+ spiritual successor to Arma/Battleroyale mod- unoptimised - very low FPS- BUGS aka BUG-G (vehicle trampolins etc.)- broken main menu and poorly designed multiplayer lobby(fixed)- mouse aiming, responsiveless weapon handling? bans for stream sniping controversy? broken promise on microtransactions1) It's fun playing with friendsIt really is. Get a duo or, better, a squad together, all talking in VoIP and begin messing around! Sometimes it's not only fun to win but also JUST BE CRAZY! Crash windows behind team mates, road killing, grenades... Honestly, do whatever you want. Emotions rise when you play in a team and have those action-filled moments with gun shots coming from everywhere and a downed mate who is in urgent need of help.2) The Core content is enough to enjoy the gameHonestly, what else do you need? For weapons, there're various classes: Sniper rifles, Assault Rifles, Sub-Machine Guns, Shotguns, Grenades and Melee - each with a few variations so everyone will find a weapon he's comfortable with. Do you need 500+ weapons with exotic ammo types? Me neither.There're special rare weapons that can only be acquired by looting an air drop but this comes at a price - consider it a mini-event where multiple squads are hunting for it. You WILL engage in a fire fight, quite risky if you're out to survive for the Chicken Dinner!Tier 1-3 Helmets, Armor and Backpacks.Cosmetic items (yet I chose to run naked :P ) - you can buy them to have them permanently and equipped upon respawn if you wanna feel e d g yVehicles: 3 types of 5-seats, 3- and 2-man motorcycles, a 2-seat buggy and a boat. A bus and a truck would be cool for trolling (=having fun with friends) :) Again, you have enough choice. Whether to drive a fast yet dangerious motorbike or go for a safe off-road choice - the UAZ.The map is well-designed and allows for a plentora of strategic and gameplay choices.3) Insanely addictiveIt's like casino. You die in a round and hope the next try to be better. Just can't stop playing. Reminds me of CSGO4) Have it your way™Wanna have action all time? Drop out at school, military base, Georgopol or the "Home City Po♥♥♥♥♥i". You will meet at least 5-15 other batshit crazy bois to fight with!On the other hand, are you playing to WIN?! We've got you covered: From standalone houses to small villages on the outskirts of the map. You choose whether you find a vehicle and drive to the edge of the circle to avoid meeting anyone else there. On the other hand, do you feel mad? Camp the bridge or houses, blend in with bushes and play the Bushwookie, or even play SOLO in Squad matches!You are only limited by your imagination. Running people over is also hilarious!5) Spiritual successor to Arma/Battleroyale modFrom controls, bullet drop simulation and sounds. As an Arma veteran, I learned to love it. (1000+ hrs in Arma2) It just feels familiar. You can look around by turning your head (Left ALT), the bullets actually travel the flight distance - you must adjust the scope zeroing and compensate for your target's movement speed. It's the tasteful pinch of realism the game needs.======-1) The utter lack of any optimisationThere're NO EXCUSES. The "it's playable" is not a valid excuse. Do you expect everyone to possess a supercomputer in order to run the game?CPU: The only good news is that it computes in parallel threads, making use of multi-core CPUs unlike Arma. The bad news is, you need a current high-end or overclocked mid-end CPU to run at 50+ FPS. We're talking 200+€ for the CPU alone, not your entire crap-PC. Here, I'd happily remind you, that currently a properly overclocked Ryzen CPU is the best performance/price you can get.GPU: If you want to be able just to run the game at lowest settings, I suggest at least a mid-end 2-3 year old GPU. 2 GB VRAM is the minimum. On high settings... 600€ for the GPU? Something along those lines...RAM: Absolute minimum 8GB RAM installed, not 6GB as stated. You'll need to close everything in the background. PUBG definitely has memory leaks and consumes 8-11 GB of RAM easily after a few matches on my system. With 12-16 GB you'd be entering the comfortable zone.-2) BUG-GFor a long time there were various bugs and exploits. For example completely broken physics where 2 vehicles would glue to each other and not able to be moved. Players could, for a long time, fall/glitch under the map and swim in the endless ocean until the end zone. They have finally completely fixed it at the end of August so that those players are ported to a location above the map. It took them "just" 3 months or so...Another thing that bugs me is the clearly broken 4x ACOG scope. The shots are going nowhere near the scope marker, it's zeroing is broken differently for different weapons. Have fun aiming with that.-3) Broken main menuMinecraft was "early access" and had bugs. But there's the difference: Minecraft didn't have bugs is the ** MAIN MENU! The developer has introduced a "refresh" button in the main menu to reload it for whenever it fails. And it does more often than not. Are you serious?! THEY CAN'T FIX THE FRIGGING MAIN MENU OF THE GAME. IT'S THE FIRST THING A PLAYER SEES!Almost everytime I exit a match and load the main menu, the server switches from Europe to Australia. Do you imagine how funny it is to notice this in the middle of the ongoing match? I can't imagine what'd you need to do as a developer to create this bug. I am not alone here with this issue. -4) OLD: Poor controls/visual feedbackAt first you'll think that there're a ton of possibilities regarding keyboard settings. That's true, you can not only set a hotkey for almost everything but also set the toggle/hold binds according to your preferences. It's indeed awesome. Yet there is one exception: you cannot set how the aiming modes are handled. There are 3 types of scoping: no aim/aimed in/scoped in. The "aimed in" mode provides a little better accuracy while maintaining the central crosshair and is enabled by holding the RMB. For "scoped in" you need to click RMB. Some people, including me, would like to swap that behaviour, but it's not possible.Well surely, it's not the end of the world, however PUBG is now attempting to get into e-sports too. In this category of games it's unacceptable to have "whacky" mouse controls - each pixel counts. After having played 1400+ hours of CSGO I surely have a feeling for my mouse and the mouse pointer. I'm not saying that PUBG is not allowed to have a different mouse cursor handling (it's another engine anyhow) but the mouse control feels weirdly smoothed or delayed/limited compared to other titles. Common sense dictates that you can't do a 360 turn in real life in no time, however in e-sports any kind of mouse adjustment or limitation is a severe problem since it violates consistency. It's a problem that must be addressed.-5) You will become hearing-impaired after visiting the spawn islandThat's simply a funny point, nothing serious ^_^ The gun shots and screaming teenagers are extremely annoying on the spawn island. Luckily there're hotkeys to mute in-game sound and voice chat, CTRL+M and CTRL+T correspondingly.-/+6) bans for stream sniping controversyRead up the stories and make up your own mind.- Continue reading in comments ...			
Posted: October 14, 2017	1	8	None	109	161.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												This game was fun to start with now its just a cash cow for developers who dont care about the player base.   I can accept you dont like giving away free skins, every game does that these days.  Thats cool i dont need to spend money on that stuff.  Adding a premium pass yeah thats starting to push it but hey you need to milk that money right ???Starting to force your ads on us for your own comps i will never even watch, damn its like a 12 year old kid high on suger having a tantrum in the middle of the road screaming look at me look at me. 
Posted: October 14, 2017	4	8	None	109	207.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												are you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥s mentally disabled? are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game is not only, not optimized, full of chinese hackers, and you have crates locked behind keys, but your dumpster filled with♥♥♥♥♥game costs 30 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars. NOT ONLY THAT, YOU DECIDED TO ADD A ♥♥♥♥ING BATTLEPASS. It doesn't matter if its only cosmetic, you've gotten enough money, quit spending it on stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like esports gaming. Spend your money on fixing your damn game you ♥♥♥♥ing aids monkeys. ♥♥♥♥ your cosmetics, ♥♥♥♥ your esports, and ♥♥♥♥ you Bluehole. Or PUBG Corp, ♥♥♥♥ing stupid names by the way.			
Posted: October 14, 2017	0	8	None	109	817.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27
												Can't recommend this in its current state. Core gameplay is solid, the new map is fantastic, and it's still some of the most fun I've had in a shooter in a long time. However, the amount of bugs introduced with each patch and left to rot is unreal. With each step forward, Bluehole takes two back.			
Posted: October 14, 2017	0	8	None	109	142.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												This game has become a cluster♥♥♥♥ of self-advertising and greedy paywalls. Never in my life have I seen a dev team sell out as hard as these guys			
Posted: October 14, 2017	1	8	None	109	741.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Game has been "Full release" for 6 months and still runs like garbage, competitive play is like trying to play a game on powerpoint. Devs care more about making money than making a functional game.			
Posted: November 8, 2017	0	8	None	194	655.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Genuinely put somewhere around 100 hours in its first fortnight of release because this game was incredibly entertaining and enjoyable, now this game has degraded over these last few patches and trying to enjoy this game is near to impossible with the amount of hackers and cheaters in this game. Bluehole really did do well in its first couple of months of release but now, even after its huge surge in purchases and playerbase, all the money and reasoning has provided close to nothing in terms of improving and supplying new gameplay, performance optimization and those god damn cheaters.			
Posted: November 8, 2017	0	8	None	194	817.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27
												Can't recommend this in its current state. Core gameplay is solid, the new map is fantastic, and it's still some of the most fun I've had in a shooter in a long time. However, the amount of bugs introduced with each patch and left to rot is unreal. With each step forward, Bluehole takes two back.			
Posted: November 8, 2017	0	8	None	194	142.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												This game has become a cluster♥♥♥♥ of self-advertising and greedy paywalls. Never in my life have I seen a dev team sell out as hard as these guys			
Posted: November 8, 2017	1	8	None	194	531.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
												UPD: nothing changed. except I WAS FALSELY BANNED TWICE. fun times. Literal **ithole Corporationit's a long review extending into the comments; theKey notes:+ fun when playing with friends+ core content is enough to enjoy the game (map, weapons, vehicles)+ insanely addictive+ play it your way: whether you want to do deathmatch at school or loot safely in a dead-end village+ spiritual successor to Arma/Battleroyale mod- unoptimised - very low FPS- BUGS aka BUG-G (vehicle trampolins etc.)- broken main menu and poorly designed multiplayer lobby(fixed)- mouse aiming, responsiveless weapon handling? bans for stream sniping controversy? broken promise on microtransactions1) It's fun playing with friendsIt really is. Get a duo or, better, a squad together, all talking in VoIP and begin messing around! Sometimes it's not only fun to win but also JUST BE CRAZY! Crash windows behind team mates, road killing, grenades... Honestly, do whatever you want. Emotions rise when you play in a team and have those action-filled moments with gun shots coming from everywhere and a downed mate who is in urgent need of help.2) The Core content is enough to enjoy the gameHonestly, what else do you need? For weapons, there're various classes: Sniper rifles, Assault Rifles, Sub-Machine Guns, Shotguns, Grenades and Melee - each with a few variations so everyone will find a weapon he's comfortable with. Do you need 500+ weapons with exotic ammo types? Me neither.There're special rare weapons that can only be acquired by looting an air drop but this comes at a price - consider it a mini-event where multiple squads are hunting for it. You WILL engage in a fire fight, quite risky if you're out to survive for the Chicken Dinner!Tier 1-3 Helmets, Armor and Backpacks.Cosmetic items (yet I chose to run naked :P ) - you can buy them to have them permanently and equipped upon respawn if you wanna feel e d g yVehicles: 3 types of 5-seats, 3- and 2-man motorcycles, a 2-seat buggy and a boat. A bus and a truck would be cool for trolling (=having fun with friends) :) Again, you have enough choice. Whether to drive a fast yet dangerious motorbike or go for a safe off-road choice - the UAZ.The map is well-designed and allows for a plentora of strategic and gameplay choices.3) Insanely addictiveIt's like casino. You die in a round and hope the next try to be better. Just can't stop playing. Reminds me of CSGO4) Have it your way™Wanna have action all time? Drop out at school, military base, Georgopol or the "Home City Po♥♥♥♥♥i". You will meet at least 5-15 other batshit crazy bois to fight with!On the other hand, are you playing to WIN?! We've got you covered: From standalone houses to small villages on the outskirts of the map. You choose whether you find a vehicle and drive to the edge of the circle to avoid meeting anyone else there. On the other hand, do you feel mad? Camp the bridge or houses, blend in with bushes and play the Bushwookie, or even play SOLO in Squad matches!You are only limited by your imagination. Running people over is also hilarious!5) Spiritual successor to Arma/Battleroyale modFrom controls, bullet drop simulation and sounds. As an Arma veteran, I learned to love it. (1000+ hrs in Arma2) It just feels familiar. You can look around by turning your head (Left ALT), the bullets actually travel the flight distance - you must adjust the scope zeroing and compensate for your target's movement speed. It's the tasteful pinch of realism the game needs.======-1) The utter lack of any optimisationThere're NO EXCUSES. The "it's playable" is not a valid excuse. Do you expect everyone to possess a supercomputer in order to run the game?CPU: The only good news is that it computes in parallel threads, making use of multi-core CPUs unlike Arma. The bad news is, you need a current high-end or overclocked mid-end CPU to run at 50+ FPS. We're talking 200+€ for the CPU alone, not your entire crap-PC. Here, I'd happily remind you, that currently a properly overclocked Ryzen CPU is the best performance/price you can get.GPU: If you want to be able just to run the game at lowest settings, I suggest at least a mid-end 2-3 year old GPU. 2 GB VRAM is the minimum. On high settings... 600€ for the GPU? Something along those lines...RAM: Absolute minimum 8GB RAM installed, not 6GB as stated. You'll need to close everything in the background. PUBG definitely has memory leaks and consumes 8-11 GB of RAM easily after a few matches on my system. With 12-16 GB you'd be entering the comfortable zone.-2) BUG-GFor a long time there were various bugs and exploits. For example completely broken physics where 2 vehicles would glue to each other and not able to be moved. Players could, for a long time, fall/glitch under the map and swim in the endless ocean until the end zone. They have finally completely fixed it at the end of August so that those players are ported to a location above the map. It took them "just" 3 months or so...Another thing that bugs me is the clearly broken 4x ACOG scope. The shots are going nowhere near the scope marker, it's zeroing is broken differently for different weapons. Have fun aiming with that.-3) Broken main menuMinecraft was "early access" and had bugs. But there's the difference: Minecraft didn't have bugs is the ** MAIN MENU! The developer has introduced a "refresh" button in the main menu to reload it for whenever it fails. And it does more often than not. Are you serious?! THEY CAN'T FIX THE FRIGGING MAIN MENU OF THE GAME. IT'S THE FIRST THING A PLAYER SEES!Almost everytime I exit a match and load the main menu, the server switches from Europe to Australia. Do you imagine how funny it is to notice this in the middle of the ongoing match? I can't imagine what'd you need to do as a developer to create this bug. I am not alone here with this issue. -4) OLD: Poor controls/visual feedbackAt first you'll think that there're a ton of possibilities regarding keyboard settings. That's true, you can not only set a hotkey for almost everything but also set the toggle/hold binds according to your preferences. It's indeed awesome. Yet there is one exception: you cannot set how the aiming modes are handled. There are 3 types of scoping: no aim/aimed in/scoped in. The "aimed in" mode provides a little better accuracy while maintaining the central crosshair and is enabled by holding the RMB. For "scoped in" you need to click RMB. Some people, including me, would like to swap that behaviour, but it's not possible.Well surely, it's not the end of the world, however PUBG is now attempting to get into e-sports too. In this category of games it's unacceptable to have "whacky" mouse controls - each pixel counts. After having played 1400+ hours of CSGO I surely have a feeling for my mouse and the mouse pointer. I'm not saying that PUBG is not allowed to have a different mouse cursor handling (it's another engine anyhow) but the mouse control feels weirdly smoothed or delayed/limited compared to other titles. Common sense dictates that you can't do a 360 turn in real life in no time, however in e-sports any kind of mouse adjustment or limitation is a severe problem since it violates consistency. It's a problem that must be addressed.-5) You will become hearing-impaired after visiting the spawn islandThat's simply a funny point, nothing serious ^_^ The gun shots and screaming teenagers are extremely annoying on the spawn island. Luckily there're hotkeys to mute in-game sound and voice chat, CTRL+M and CTRL+T correspondingly.-/+6) bans for stream sniping controversyRead up the stories and make up your own mind.- Continue reading in comments ...			
Posted: November 8, 2017	1	8	None	194	161.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												This game was fun to start with now its just a cash cow for developers who dont care about the player base.   I can accept you dont like giving away free skins, every game does that these days.  Thats cool i dont need to spend money on that stuff.  Adding a premium pass yeah thats starting to push it but hey you need to milk that money right ???Starting to force your ads on us for your own comps i will never even watch, damn its like a 12 year old kid high on suger having a tantrum in the middle of the road screaming look at me look at me. 
Posted: November 8, 2017	4	8	None	194	207.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												are you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥s mentally disabled? are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game is not only, not optimized, full of chinese hackers, and you have crates locked behind keys, but your dumpster filled with♥♥♥♥♥game costs 30 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars. NOT ONLY THAT, YOU DECIDED TO ADD A ♥♥♥♥ING BATTLEPASS. It doesn't matter if its only cosmetic, you've gotten enough money, quit spending it on stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like esports gaming. Spend your money on fixing your damn game you ♥♥♥♥ing aids monkeys. ♥♥♥♥ your cosmetics, ♥♥♥♥ your esports, and ♥♥♥♥ you Bluehole. Or PUBG Corp, ♥♥♥♥ing stupid names by the way.			
Posted: November 8, 2017	1	8	None	194	741.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Game has been "Full release" for 6 months and still runs like garbage, competitive play is like trying to play a game on powerpoint. Devs care more about making money than making a functional game.			
Posted: November 8, 2017	0	8	None	194	592.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												Played it since public release and was thereby allowed to observe first-handedly how a team of developers can start with the most promising and brightest title of the last decades and yet manage to fail so miserably in development and particularly management that I have to STRONGLY advice against buying this game. But if you enjoy spending money for loveless skins, love lagging and desyncs, cheer for FPS-drops and bugs all over the place, PUBG might be a good pick for you. As they were unable to fix those issues within the last year, but constantly pushing monetizing cosmetics, I'd guess that everything bad will stay that way and you can enjoy it as long as you can bear it. Cheers!			
Posted: November 8, 2017	0	8	None	194	328.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
												FOR THIS MONEY I COULD HAVE BOUGHT A GOOD ROPE TO HANG MYSELF			
Posted: November 8, 2017	0	8	None	194	387.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												Trash company.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	4	8	None	113	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s banned me from the game in under 30 miunutes of playtime.. i only opened the game.. customized the character.. tried 1 round.. lost.. quit the game.. NEXT DAY it show you have 1 game ban on record.I tried contacting them but these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dont care about people.their game may be good but the devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to supportREFUND ME U BASTARDS.999 INR wasted			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	31.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Absolute garbage.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	1	8	None	113	83.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
												#REGIONLOCK2018			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	64.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cool ads bro			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	161.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
												It's garbage until Brendon fixes his game. I had a lot of fun, got to 0.8 Solo NA, but after the leaderboards reset I quit. I realized the hackers are running too rampant, and 90% of the time I'm killed it's by somoene with a username like 217893b1a76ds, The servers are also garbage, today, me and my squad of friends got to 9 left, and everyone on the server lost connection. This isn't the first time somethings happened like this. Until they fix this, I'm not playing it.Uninstalled as of 2/7/18.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	1	8	None	113	53.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10
												Add region lock and I'll give this game a postive review			
Posted: December 12, 2017	1	8	None	113	751.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10
												Too many cheating and hacker.. not enjoy playing pubg..			
Posted: December 12, 2017	1	8	None	113	832.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 12, 2017
												Played for over 400 hours under 35-40 FPS and made it to top 500 in duos without trying hard, spraying is intolerable and frustrating because FPS dramatically goes down. Optimization is a headache in this game. Servers are nothing to speak of. PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS broke the charts because of the lack of Battle Royale kind alternatives.Update: 1.0 version drastically improved FPS but I'm playing with the lowest resolution and options possible to get the benefits of it.Update 2: Everything got worse for low-mid specs.(Specs: i7-4720HQ 3.60 GHz CPU, 960M 4GB GPU, 8GB RAM)			
Posted: December 12, 2017	3	8	None	113	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Matchmaking always gets me in a random Chinese Server and my ping never goes down below 100, many INDIAN players play this game  then why not set up a server in IndiaTheres nothing SPECIAL about this game since there already exists many more games like this and the gameplay is also bad,half the time i can't see my crosshair due to super bright textures.Only reason this game gained popularity because LOTS of youtubers publicized it,that's all			
Posted: December 12, 2017	13	8	None	113	298.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								First of all, I really really want this game to end up being amazing, however right now I simply cannot recommend the game.Let's start with some pros and cons.PROS: Can be fun with friends, and alone. Can really give you that Adrenaline Rush.CONS: Server issues Bullets doesnt seem like they connect sometimes at random. (Google this if you question it.) Performance is still an issue. Dying because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t can be extremely frustrating. People are getting banned for killing streamers. People are getting banned for killing team killers. People are getting banned for using the vehicle honk the devs put in the game, if streamers are nearby. Hackers are getting more and more common. (Speed hacking, aimbots, ESP.) In-game ad for Chinese players. Microtransactions in early access is NOT OK. (Please note, these were removed again as they were on a time limit, but still)You'd think they'd be improving performance with time, sure I know its in early access or whatever, but still, when they put "Performance improved" in the patch notes you'd think it was improving.I've got a GTX 1080, 16gb of ram and an i7700k, I used to run the game at 90-120 FPS on 1080p ultra settings. Now its running at anywhere between 45 and 80 depending on my location.... The performance has gotten so much worse.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	4	8	None	113	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s banned me from the game in under 30 miunutes of playtime.. i only opened the game.. customized the character.. tried 1 round.. lost.. quit the game.. NEXT DAY it show you have 1 game ban on record.I tried contacting them but these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s dont care about people.their game may be good but the devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to supportREFUND ME U BASTARDS.999 INR wasted			
Posted: December 12, 2017	4	8	None	113	307.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27
												I will keep it short and simple because the top reviews have it nailed.Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Crates. Insanely good at start. (beta issues, but played really well).Developer smell money.Developer ruins game with massive amounts of microtransactions in a PAID game without actually fixing the game.Developer never finishes game despite earning 10's OF MILLIONS. No, player must be drained of more money.Rampant cheating everywhere. Bugfest. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode and networking for a FULL RELEASE MULTI MILLION DOLLAR GAME.Shame on you Bluehole. Shame.10/10 eSports ready			
Posted: December 12, 2017	13	8	None	113	298.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								First of all, I really really want this game to end up being amazing, however right now I simply cannot recommend the game.Let's start with some pros and cons.PROS: Can be fun with friends, and alone. Can really give you that Adrenaline Rush.CONS: Server issues Bullets doesnt seem like they connect sometimes at random. (Google this if you question it.) Performance is still an issue. Dying because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t can be extremely frustrating. People are getting banned for killing streamers. People are getting banned for killing team killers. People are getting banned for using the vehicle honk the devs put in the game, if streamers are nearby. Hackers are getting more and more common. (Speed hacking, aimbots, ESP.) In-game ad for Chinese players. Microtransactions in early access is NOT OK. (Please note, these were removed again as they were on a time limit, but still)You'd think they'd be improving performance with time, sure I know its in early access or whatever, but still, when they put "Performance improved" in the patch notes you'd think it was improving.I've got a GTX 1080, 16gb of ram and an i7700k, I used to run the game at 90-120 FPS on 1080p ultra settings. Now its running at anywhere between 45 and 80 depending on my location.... The performance has gotten so much worse.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	4	8	None	113	269.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								This is a good game, the rules is very interesting,I like it.But cheat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are everywhere,you can find cheats almost in every game.Although BlueHole claimed to seal a lot of cheat accounts,but there are still many cheaters,and I found that cheating software claims 100% will not be found.So I guess that's it,PUBG is just another game that was destroyed by cheats.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	3	21	None	113	912.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												Hackers are destroyong this game's credibility. Also...▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	761.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 18
												Just don't. Y'all know why.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	3	8	None	113	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												Matchmaking always gets me in a random Chinese Server and my ping never goes down below 100, many INDIAN players play this game  then why not set up a server in IndiaTheres nothing SPECIAL about this game since there already exists many more games like this and the gameplay is also bad,half the time i can't see my crosshair due to super bright textures.Only reason this game gained popularity because LOTS of youtubers publicized it,that's all			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	95.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												it has too many glitches			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	388.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												Filled with hackers and nothing is being done about it.			
Posted: December 12, 2017	0	8	None	113	179.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												The Death of PUBGLet alone having all Asian players in every match that kill you, this game has a huge problem as of today. I purchased a crate only to have it want me to buy a key for $2.50 to open that crate that I BOUGHT WITH BP I EARNED. I am not putting hard work and time into a game only to be rewarded with a crate you want me to open my wallet to unlock. I thought PUBG was made by people who didn't care about being money hungry, hence the cheaper price tag but it has now become a classic case of bait and switch with the implementation of paid crates, an idea that is getting really old in the gaming community. I will not support any company who is so greedy for money they do something like this obviously despite players wishes. You have already made so much money from selling the game even though it is cheaper than most other games this is just the real creators of the game exposing their greedy nature at the taste of cash. Are you deliberately trying to ruin this game? Have you not been paying attention to current events and what has happened with EA trying to implement RNG gambling into their game? I have always been a huge fan of PUBG and recommended it to every friend (but no longer) and spent countless hours playing but I (along with other players who are against this) will not play another second of the game until this is fixed. I urge all players to stop playing so PUBG will know we do not stand for RNG bull♥♥♥♥♥♥or PUBG will just become greedier for money and you will see the results.			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	179.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												The Death of PUBGLet alone having all Asian players in every match that kill you, this game has a huge problem as of today. I purchased a crate only to have it want me to buy a key for $2.50 to open that crate that I BOUGHT WITH BP I EARNED. I am not putting hard work and time into a game only to be rewarded with a crate you want me to open my wallet to unlock. I thought PUBG was made by people who didn't care about being money hungry, hence the cheaper price tag but it has now become a classic case of bait and switch with the implementation of paid crates, an idea that is getting really old in the gaming community. I will not support any company who is so greedy for money they do something like this obviously despite players wishes. You have already made so much money from selling the game even though it is cheaper than most other games this is just the real creators of the game exposing their greedy nature at the taste of cash. Are you deliberately trying to ruin this game? Have you not been paying attention to current events and what has happened with EA trying to implement RNG gambling into their game? I have always been a huge fan of PUBG and recommended it to every friend (but no longer) and spent countless hours playing but I (along with other players who are against this) will not play another second of the game until this is fixed. I urge all players to stop playing so PUBG will know we do not stand for RNG bull♥♥♥♥♥♥or PUBG will just become greedier for money and you will see the results.			
Posted: January 12	1	21	None	100	209.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4
												I'll start of with this, the game is a good game as far as the game play goes. That's about all the positive i can give it though. This game has 100s of bugs and A cheat problem the likes i've never seen before (fueled by the fact that some of the rare cosmetic item can sell for 600+ dollars). When you enter the map you either A. get stuck in you parachute, while other player run around trying to get a weapon, looking like a pinata or B. land get a gun and go about your buisness with the game just to get kill down the road by an ESP+Aimbot hacker. Not to mention all servers have ping issues that can get you killed becuase the developer will not apply a ping lock to the game. One of the developers also called the people who want that xenophobic. Between the hackers and the game breaking bugs this game will be dead soon. (seriously every 2 out of 3 games I see aimboting no recoil on my death cam.)			
Posted: January 12	3	8	None	100	38.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												Devs: Boss, the game has too many hackersBoss: Let's break the game and add 10$ DLCDevs: What does that has to do anything with hackers?Boss:  10  DOLLAR  D L C!Devs: The reviews has gone to s#it now!Boss: OK I got this. Rename DLC into the "Event Pass" and delete their commentsDevs: People are still complainingBoss: Delete their comments and also get rid of the map choice too#PUBGFixed10$/10. Sentence - Drop at Tilted Towers			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Garbage.			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	1,621.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												You know what's a great idea? Stuffing 100 players into a plane to parachute down onto a desolate island to scavenge for weapons, armor, and supplies in hopes of surviving a bloody deathmatch. Best Video Game in the World!			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	761.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 18
												Just don't. Y'all know why.			
Posted: January 12	3	21	None	100	912.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												Hackers are destroyong this game's credibility. Also...▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	562.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												This game has lost its way. The game is very obviously only about getting money out of the players now. Development has been focused on skins, lootboxes, and a crappy battlepass for months now while there are still tons of bugs, bad servers, and rampant cheating. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW.			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	222.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Kinda fun but mostly bad..- Most ingame items are useless (ie: armor and helmets don't make a big difference)- Most rewards are useless (loot is 5 white shirts for hours and hours of playing)- Most of the vehicles are unstable and will crash/explode- Most of the community is awful (people yell the n word at the start of games)			
Posted: January 12	0	8	None	100	1,217.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Probably the best game that you will never get to play properly.Seriously, from a game design standpoint this game is great and fun, but the devs keep breaking it. The game is unplayable after every update. They even increased the update time frame to be able to make sure that every update is stable before release. Still breaks the game every time. I can't play at the moment. Network lag that completely freezes your game after five minutes. Been two days since the update and still no fix. I decided to write a review at this point because I know that even if they fix it, there will just be another game-breaking update in a few weeks. The Devs even setup a twitter account for support, that either ignores you or asks you some condescending♥♥♥♥♥♥like "Have you restarted your router". EA or not, they can do better. ♥♥♥♥ all the naive fanboys yelling "You can't throw a money at problem to solve it!". You can throw money at technology to get functioning servers. You can throw money at expert advisers that make sure that the team isn't breaking the games every month. I payed good money for this, even if its EA I should be able to play more than five minutes at a time.			
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	8	None	25	1,217.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Probably the best game that you will never get to play properly.Seriously, from a game design standpoint this game is great and fun, but the devs keep breaking it. The game is unplayable after every update. They even increased the update time frame to be able to make sure that every update is stable before release. Still breaks the game every time. I can't play at the moment. Network lag that completely freezes your game after five minutes. Been two days since the update and still no fix. I decided to write a review at this point because I know that even if they fix it, there will just be another game-breaking update in a few weeks. The Devs even setup a twitter account for support, that either ignores you or asks you some condescending♥♥♥♥♥♥like "Have you restarted your router". EA or not, they can do better. ♥♥♥♥ all the naive fanboys yelling "You can't throw a money at problem to solve it!". You can throw money at technology to get functioning servers. You can throw money at expert advisers that make sure that the team isn't breaking the games every month. I payed good money for this, even if its EA I should be able to play more than five minutes at a time.			
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	8	None	25	787.0	Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
												#/*/*/85 hrs. Just like it, but it has the ♥♥♥♥♥iest optimization or bc grind*(by using system) and ♥♥♥♥♥i streaomorons i've heard about, whippin all day night8*/. Nowadays everything is possible/*/*/#--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update 11/2/2017Nowadays this game becoming ♥♥♥♥♥ier and ♥♥♥♥♥ier:(Hackers,bug users, random shots)and Game crashes alot--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update 04/13/2018Game goes very nice still some minuses but good. War mode event going on!Change from hands down to up.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------			
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	8	None	25	504.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												Since the introduction of 1.0 a huge number of cheating chinese players ruin the game. Wallhack,aimbot.no recoil hack, you name it. However Bluehole seems to be intrested only inthe income which he can milk from these "players". In the last two weeks i had to report at least two dozen obvoius cheaters....this is killibg this game. I like Pubg a lot but this will be gamebreaker for me if they dobt sort this out soon			
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	21	None	25	258.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29
												I love the game, but there are too many cheaters... every second game = killed by a cheater with instant headshots. when you watch the deathcam you can cleary see that they're cheating			
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	8	None	25	505.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
												Alright listen up here.  I have been playing this game from it's initial release and can confirm it is the best battle royale game out there.  In PUBG players with advanced tactics have a pretty big advantage over brainless morons who just rush around with weapons.  This is due to the fact that the game starts pretty slow because to become fully kitted you need many things. Anyways you probably know how the game works already so let me get the part you want to hear.  In its current state, this game is complete trash.  Previous updates I loved this game and had a ton of fun.  Ever since the first person update this game has been buggier than ever and filled with just awful vulgar players.  You used to be able to get into a game of PUBG on the North American server and have a few people talking cracking jokes.  Now the game is just filled with "China number 1" and the likes.  Over 50% of the PUBG player base are Chinese people.  Now listen, I am not racist but the fact that someone jumps into the North American server and the only English words they know are curse words it really ruins the purpose of voice chat.  I have had to turn off all talk because of the stupid and annoying players.  You either have someone spamming music, someone who can't speak English speaking as loud as they can, or you have some dumbass American screaming the N word.Part 2:  There are so many f*cking hackers right now I suggest you not buy the game.  I find it very hard to get into a game where there is not a hacker.  It is bad when you are getting shot from 700 meters+ consistantly right in the head.  I cannot even get a game anymore that doesn't have hackers in it.  I have been playing the game since the beginning and it has never been as bad as it is now.  If you are planning on buying the game I would advise you wait until the next update.Part 3: In game bugs.  The game is buggier than it has ever been excluding the first person update.  That update was horrid.  Right before first person my friends and I all had really good frame-rates and would rarely lag.  The dev team seems to have quit caring about the PC version because now they are getting ready for the Xbox release.  Most of my friends cannot even load in buildings for about 15 second right when the game starts.  This prevents my teams and I from dropping into any hot zones thus ruining many of the effects of the game.  Unless you have a beastly PC I would recommend you wait until a later date to buy this game.All in all:  Wait until this game gets fixed because right now it is borderline unplayable.Edit: Hackers have been removed and the new update looks promising.			
Posted: September 30, 2017	35	169	None	25	199.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								For the past 2 years we have been stuck with a ''game'' called H1Z1: King of the Kill, this so called ''game'' was filled with glitches, the devs were terrible and only cared about our money and because of this they didn't patch the game. We all dreamed that someone would rise from the shadows and answer our prayer's. Well everyone, its almost been a month since PUBG came out and I can proudly say that GameBreak will no longer take the best of me and I hope their game suffers just like how we suffered in these last 2 years.			
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	26	None	25	48.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								no way is it ready to leave early access			
Posted: September 30, 2017	13	335	None	25	46.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								As fun as this game is - it runs like hot garbage. Wait before the devs sort it out before you purchase this game. I can't wait for them to actually sort it out, optimise it and fix the awful sound - because this game is incredible fun when it works.			
Posted: September 30, 2017	5	13	None	25	2.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 16, 2017
												Game feels slow and moves crappy, with i7 6700hq 16 ram ddr5/4 and gtx 950m(everything on low and medium goes like 40 fps),after i played on my other account for like 3-4 hours i got banned, for the reason i harrased some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the thing is i killed 3 dudes till half the game,after i killed someone i got banned...On this account i tought i give it another try (thats 60$) and again it was bad optimised. I refunded the game,best decision i made after buying it! The game is verry bad optimized... i suggest you do not buy it until it gets out of alpha,or it gets a serious update.			
Posted: September 30, 2017	3	13	None	25	1,146.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 25	3	13	None	8	1,146.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 25	2	13	None	8	85.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								The developers don't care about the game anymore. I have been having "Connection Lost" error everyime I try to enter a game, and the developers haven't responded to any of the reports. I understand this game is early access, but the fact that many people can't play the game, this game should not be sold until this error is fixed. There are many problems with this game from lag to game breaking bugs, but I won't mention those because after all it's a early access game, but like I said, just because it's early access, that doesn't give them the right to sell a game when huge number of people can't play the game.			
Posted: January 25	1	13	None	8	113.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 16
												Maybe if they spent more time optimizing it instead of releasing battlepasses and adding content it would actually run well. Seriously, this game has made wayyyy to much money to still run like crap even on really good PCs.			
Posted: January 25	1	31	None	8	19.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Another Early Access game that started promising but ends up with the devs going back on their word. This time in regards to microtransactions.What's to say they won't lie about other more important stuff? I can't recommend the game without knowing the answer to that.			
Posted: January 25	2	13	None	8	379.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24
												These guys from the sh♥thole company wake up everyday with two questions:1: How we can f♥ck up our community?2: How we get more money?The result is: Ban some guys randomly, sell new ugly skins and release some f♥ck♥ng bugs.			
Posted: January 25	0	13	None	8	18.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16
												three Words : Overhyped and Overpriced			
Posted: January 25	1	13	None	8	479.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 7, 2017
Early Access Review
PLAYERUNKOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDSBefore buying pubg, I added and removed it from my wishlist several times. Then I came to a decision, I thought why not give it a try. Besides, refund option is always there.Now after playing 105 hours, I am writing this review. So u know that I haven't refunded it yet. This game is worth every penny. Don't know why people compare it with Fortnite Battle Royale. That's so lame. pubg is in early access, so it has some bugs, no need to create chaos for that.Gameplay:Gameplay is realistic, No respawn. Just 1 life. That's what makes the game challenging.Graphics:Overall graphics is nice, as an early access game it has some optimization and bugs. That's not a big deal, it will be fixed when the full version will be released.Movement/Character:You can customize your character when you first play the game. You can play as both First_person and 3rd_person.Playerbase:Pubg was released this year (Early access). The developers didn't know that it will be on the top crossing Dota 2 and CSGO.Money_earning_system?:There are two types of crates. Survivor and wanderer. Price of survivor crates is higher than wanderer, around 0.80. When u play each match u get BP-Battlepoints which u can spend to get these crates. There is also a special crate which is available for a limited time. That is Gamescom Crate, it needs a key to open which costs $3. If u are lucky enough you can get a rare item.(It's all about luck) believe it or not ,i have earned more than around $45 :)Overall:Pubg is an early access game. The last version of the game will be much better, besides, new Desert map and weapons, vehicles are also coming.Don't care what other gamers say, few gamers in my friendlist wrote negative reviews about this game without even playing for 5min. It's because their config can't run this game :)I highly recommend this game. You will get a nice feeling when you play it with your buddies. Addictive Game.Wait!!,- One more thing:Over 20 Million Players-PUBG2017'S MOST PLAYED GAME ON STEAM-PUBGOver 2 Billion Hours Played-PUBG 
Posted: January 25	0	13	None	8	1,318.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
												what a great multicultural experience this has become.   "99% of the cheats come from china, but not all chinese cheat!"  why would they region/ping lock, just cause everyone NOT from china wants it?  sure it would solve most current problems in the game but that is xenophobic and noone wants it!   Especially PUBG Corp.   They like to brag about 1.5m cheaters banned, yet concurrent players has not gone down.   so it seems like they like selling new copies of their game to the "Banned" 1,485,000 chinese at what translates to 13$ a pop, more.    and who wouldnt from that perspective?but lets be real and not pretend that this is anything other than a money grab now.    lets favor the chinese at the expense of all other players, literally everywhere else in the world. 800+ hours played.  current state of the game is garbage.   toxic chinese community on EVERY server.  high pings, EVERY Game has a hacker.   the only exception is if you play in the 4 hour window after a patch (before the wonderful, community enriching and uniting, chinese cheats are redeployed on a large scale), or on test server, when it is up, exclusively.   cannot recommend.			
Posted: January 25	1	13	None	8	14.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								So your telling me @ 20,000+/- a lot of Chinese buy the game at roughly 30$ US Dollars, you cant open up some servers for the Chinese and other Asian Countries? 20,000 x 30 = Thats about half a million. Please, Stop being a ♥♥♥♥♥ thank you			
Posted: January 25	145	90	None	8	124.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								1) Download game.2) Join a match.3) Sit in the plane while russian kids screams "allahu akbar".4) Parachute to the ground only to find all houses made out of clay.5) Wait 10 minutes until houses are normal, and get shot in the head right after.6) Restart.10/10			
Posted: March 24, 2017	4	54	None	80	83.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Australian servers are here!The Good:- Great graphics- Pvp combat is responsive and balanced- Variety of weapons, attatchments, armour and health pickups, vehicles too- Devs that listen to the community feedbackThe Bad:- Typical bugs and glitches you'd expect from an early access game (e.g menu freezing after game)- The target area is a bit annoying, it's hard to focus on killing when you're too busy trying to make it into the target area and not automatically killed within the time limit- Half of the time i recieve reward points they arent even credited to my account. Purchased the first crate for 700 coins and did not even receive my items.Recommendations:- Maybe introduce other modes and/ or smaller areas on the map? E.g Close quarters?All in all, this game has great potential and is off to a great start. I'm excited to see what the devs have in store for us			
Posted: March 24, 2017	25	36	None	80	175.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								sorry for my english>be me >7th solo game>start the match with bug (buildings dont want to load)>after camping 2 mins the building load >enter the building>close the door behind me>find machete  >hear the main door >hide in a corner >see guy with m16 next to my corner>jump on him and kill him with my machete>loot him and run a away>notice that the white zone is on the other side of the map>run as fast as i can>blue zone nearly behind me>see a car in the town park between two buildings>steal the car >instantly someone is shooting me>nearly dies>drive to the border of the white zone >see shed>find medkit>heal >drive some more>in my mind ( i need to find armor and helmet)>drive to hangar>slowing down >see guy in fron of me>jump out of the car>nearly die>kill the guy>loot him>sweet, he had armor helmet ammo and  9 energy drinks >drink energy drink>drive more see a airdrop in front of me near a cliff>drive there with a car >instantly get shoot by others>finds a Karabiner 98 Kurz + Ghillie Suit (didnt know there was camo in this game)>crawl to the cliff>fell down>swim in the water>look behind me >see the guy who was shooting me on the cliff>decide to kill him>shoot him once with kurz>he jumps down>shoot him second time>he doesnt where are the shoots are coming from>third shoot kills him>swim more notice big battle on bridge>swim to the shore>shoot one guy >he is still alive>in my mind (dont make noise)>swim under the bridge >last 10 are remaining >in my mind (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥in have never been so far in this game)>my heart is like 150BPS>swim near a boat use it as a cover >notice a drop going near a shore>see guy running near the drop>instantly killed>decide to jump in the boat a drive to the drop >next to the drop>hear big fight>loot the drop>find a M24>loot the guy who died near the drop >loot his medkit, level 3 helmet, level 3 armor,2grenades and his akm with 4xscope>prone go near a rock with a bush>see guy running towards a tree close to me shoot him 2 time >he is still alive >he is hiding behind the tree>throw a  grenade>hit the rock and bounces next to me>throw the second one >hit the tree >he has me pin down>some dude start shooting him >crawl away>hide in bush>see a guy in front of me>kill him with akm>last 3 people>blue zone force me to movenear  the rock a run away from>nearly dies in the blue zone>last 2 people> my heart is like 10000 BPS>notice that the last guy is the guy i wanted to kill but failed>heal>the guy is running towards the rock >still healing>finished healing and the guy is shooting me >takes akm>fire akm at him with full auto>only his head is showing>miss nearly every shot>somehow i won>can not belive it >in shock>need a new heartthis is the best game ever.this game is worth the 30€. 
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	36	None	80	91.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Brilliant game!Shame streamers are ruining it for the community.Review will be changed when the dev's pull their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the streamers♥♥♥♥♥s			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	18	None	80	319.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Upcoming microtransactions in a game with a price tag.EDIT: And microtransactions have arrived.It has just become a Pay2Win title: you need to buy camouflaging equipment from the Market or you'll be at a huge disadvantage at the start of the match compared to the other players.Plus, items that camouflage better are more expensive.			
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	18	None	80	127.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2017
												Game is kind of like League of legends you don't really have fun but everyone else has the game so you kind of have to play it. Honesty games ok but I honestly don't find much fun in it other then making fun of the game with my friends.			
Posted: March 24, 2017	1	18	None	80	557.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY HACKERS and cheaters			
Posted: March 24, 2017	6	69	None	80	47.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								So first of all, if you think this game is exactly as H1Z1 you're wrong, this game is so better. Why it is better is because the game is more realistic then the most Battleroyal game's out there. I liked Arma 3, and DayZ back in the days, in my world I would say that this game is like Arma 3 + DayZ + Battleroyal. The only problem with the game is the bad optimization + Glitches. I hope they will work more on this in the future. But at all, It's a fun game. It's worth buying it in my opinion!			
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	23	None	80	1,132.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 8
												this game have♥♥♥♥♥♥servers and full of bugs and hackers			
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	23	None	80	73.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 29
												Corporate greed!			
Posted: March 24, 2017	2	23	None	80	77.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 12
												Family sharing blocked to stop cheating sell more copies :V			
Posted: September 25	3	23	None	1	522.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 25
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: September 25	0	28	None	1	1,333.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2017
												First this is the best battle royale game on market. This is mix between ARMA & H1Z1. Game is optimized for Nvidia GPU at least i saw some benchamarks on internet. This game has less bugs then H1Z1 on release date, and also less laggy.  Im enjoying most of the time in this game but sometimes game will troll you with loot, red zones and blue zones. After all i want to mention this game had fastest fixes ive seen in early access game. Battlegrounds had 4-5 patches so far they manage to fix more fps and bug problems then H1Z1 (Daybrake) in 2 years. I hope this game wont go skin fiesta like H1Z1. For people that run older computers and still want to playFriend from my town is playing this game on intel i530 and gtx 750TI 2gb VRAM and running 45-60 fps on 1080p (this is with current patch but old patches and game he had like 10-20 fps). Also he has problem in big towns with this gpu because of rendering!I do recommend this game because its fun and awesome to play. This is not review just my opinon about game in current state.Update: 03/08/2017Microtransactions in early acess game like h1z1. They will focus on milking money insted of fixing♥♥♥♥♥♥in game. Same happend with h1z1 (skin fiesta people stopped playing etc...). Seems every company is doing what Valve does with csgo (slot machine in game). Big patch #4 is trash. Low fps, shity freezes, desync in game, server lags etc...Update: 2/12/2017pubg flooded by cheaters. Every single game china boys wipe my entire squad in a millisecond. I dont recommend this game for now. Stay away!Update: 27/12/2017OFFICIAL TRASH and NEVER BUY THIS CRAPUpdate: 05/02/2018█▀█ █▀▀ █▀▀█ ▀█▀ █▀▀█ █▄░░██▄▀ █▀▀ █░▄▄ ░█░ █░░█ █░█░██░█ █▄▄ █▄▄█ ▄█▄ █▄▄█ █░░▀██░░ █▀▀█ █▀▀█ █░▄▀█░░ █░░█ █░░░ █▀▄█▄▄ █▄▄█ █▄▄█ █░░██▀▀█ █░░█ ▀█▀ █▄░░█ █▀██░░░ █▀▀█ ░█░ █░█░█ █▄██▄▄█ █░░█ ▄█▄ █░░▀█ █░█Update: 08/05/2018Version 1.0 Patch 12# ruined entire game. I never played such a boring games after patch.They nerfed loot, ar etc... Also fps drop on beast machine. Just a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. If you rly want a battle royal experience play fortnite or some other br games that will come on this year.Update: 03/10/2018Version 1.0 Patch 22# region lock is active. This is the most disgusting patch ive seen in my life. First they increased desync and ping, added "anticheat" enable or disable LMAO. After so many months they are unable to deal with cheaters in TPP and FPP. Every second or thrid game you die to cheater. Queue time is insane for EU in night time to find TPP or FPP match 5+ minutes waiting. If you love to play Battle Royale game just go to Fortnite for TPP, Blackout and BFV for FPP. Cheaters were active in December 2017 and January 2018 then they started to do smth i didnt get a cheater in match for good 7 months and now they are back in Patch 22. Well i hope Chinese and Russians destory this game because you dont deserver nothing else. You grabed so much money and did absolutely nothing just putting crates and farm money for 1 year.Save your money and use it on something else. They dont deserve your hard work money!			
Posted: September 25	7	66	None	1	525.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												Bad game with trash updates.			
Posted: September 25	11	251	None	1	16.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								100% honesty: the developers need to not swing the ban hammer when a streamer cries stream snipe or hacks. Until they fix this issue and learn their boundries as developers, I do not recommend this game.			
Posted: September 25	1	33	None	1	385.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Battlegrounds (or PUBG) is one of the best multiplayer games you can play right now. To any newcomers who don't know much about the Battle Royale genre, I'd describe it as the twisted lovechild of CSGO and DayZ/ArmA. PUBG works, plays and feels great, and all of the game's mechanics and online systems are just a lot of fun and very deep (with a low skill barrier, but a high skill ceiling). It offers tense gun fights, intense chases and strategic tension that you won't see in any other game - and it also has very fast, fluid matchmaking.The game's in Early Access, but aside from optimization issues, it feels almost like a complete game, with very few bugs and no showstoppers whatsoever. And with much more content on the way, and frequent patches and dev support, Battlegrounds is certainly worth getting, and I would definitely call it a must-have.			
Posted: September 25	62	33	None	1	50.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								I don't have any friends			
Posted: September 25	522	281	None	1	195.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played 24 hours in 3 days, made me rage and I broke my desk with my fist. 10/10 would sacrifice my desk again.			
Posted: September 25	3	101	None	1	13.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								DO NOT BY THIS GAME. The developers are showing no signs that they care about the community judging by the waves of bad publicity they are creating and they are actively introducing anti-consumer microtransaction systems before the game is even stable, let alone complete. This information was not avaliable when I purchased it, and they actually stated on their official FAQ that they will not be releasing microtransactions until after early access. By purchasing this game, you are encouraging this kind of behaviour and voting with your wallet that you want content to be cut and re-labled as DLC or microtransactions. I myself will be attempting to get a refund on this game, because I would not have bought it if I had known then what I know now.Went back on a promise not to include microtransactions or DLC until after early access: https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6piovx/just_say_no_to_realmoney_keys_keys_and_crates_are/dkpxj7yAre actively preparing to remove features currently in the game and turn them into paid content:https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6ph5xf/looks_like_free_cosmetics_are_going_byebye/ 
Posted: September 25	4	53	None	1	6.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												I paid 30$ for the game. Why are you charging us for events and such? I dont get it, the base game has so little content, i assumed you would update the game for us who paid for it....... Nope, you ask for more money.EDIT aug 27. I will re install this when a training mode is implemented, and give it another shot.edit sep 19 2018Training mode is... trashy, suprisngly.Also i need to add that the loot crate system is evil. You earn crates, or buy them from people....... then you need to spend MORE money to buy keys to unlock them! That is evil stuff right there. So i have a bunch of crates i can never open. Thanks for nothing.			
Posted: September 25	4	10	None	1	109.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best Battleroyal game I've played so far I recommend this over H1 gay 1 anyday this is a must buy!			
Posted: November 25, 2017	0	10	None	257	1,656.6	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ok first of all i am over 400 hrs and let me tell you something...For an Early Access game its pretty awesome, of course it will have issues, problems, sometimes hackers, bugs, not fully optimized stuff but the game gives the adrenaline rush every time u hit top 10 Remaining people so it deliveres at the end, the developers are working hard to make it fully playable before 2018 so the december patch will be extremely changing game for everyone, since the beggining now my PC runs at 144FPS (95 FPS fisrt time playing) so they are doing their job and optimizing pretty well.If the game its fun right now, wait until they fully optimize it and add all the new stuff to the game it will be the greatest of the year or more 
Posted: November 25, 2017	4	10	None	257	109.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best Battleroyal game I've played so far I recommend this over H1 gay 1 anyday this is a must buy!			
Posted: November 25, 2017	1	10	None	257	169.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
												NORTH AMERICAN SERVERS ARE LITTERALLY INFESTED WITH CHINESE PLAYERS. YOU'RE LUCKY TO MEET AN ENGLISH PERSON IN A SQUAD GAME AND THE DEVELOPER IS SHAMING ENGLISH PEOPLE FOR BEING MEAN TO THE CHINESE CAUSE "WE ALL LIVE ON ONE PLANET". THEN WHY IN THE F**K ARE THEIR SEPERATE SERVERS IN THE FIRST PLACE YOU STUPID♥♥♥♥♥♥! THAT IS THE OPIONION OF AN IDIOT, AND F**K THE NON ENGLISH PLAYERS ON ENGLISH SERVERS. BUT IM THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOR WANTING TO PLAY AS A TEAM ON A SERVER FOR MY CONTINENT. IF YOU'RE CHINESE AND DONT HAVE AN OPEN MIC WITH AN ENTIRE FAMILY SCREAMING IN YOUR HEADSET WHILE YOU ASK US IF WE SPEAK ENGLISH, THEN THIS REVIEW ISNT DISSING YOU. I DONT MIND PLAYING WITH PEOPLE WITH AN ACCENT, OR PEOPLE WHO DONT EVEN HAVE A MIC, BUT ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY PROPERLY WITH SOMEONE OBNOXIOUSLY YELLING IN ANOTHER LANGUAGE THE ENTIRE TIME YOU'RE IN A GAME, EVERY SINGLE GAME. AND ITS FRANKLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T.			
Posted: November 25, 2017	3	10	None	257	207.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you like being screamed at in Mandarin by an enemy who is running past you at 140km/h headshotting everyone in your squad then this game is for you.			
Posted: November 25, 2017	0	10	None	257	1,086.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: November 25, 2017	0	10	None	257	57.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is damn overrated/hyped, the fact that you  have to pay 30 € for 1 map, some guns (some  of them you wont get unless you kill someone that has that gun or you find a crate, high risk of getting killed, it might not be there too), 2 cars and a bugged bike, is unbelievable to me, the game has so many glitches and they couldnt fix it by now ? The amount of money they made from this game and dont fix some obvious glitches, makes me realise that this community doesnt care about the buggs or how little amount of content they get for a 30 € game, activision needs to start selling multyplayer seperate so they make twice the amount, apparently money and content doesnt matter for those peopleIm coming back to this game when its in beta, meanwhile im going to play games that are worth my money			
Posted: November 25, 2017	2	10	None	257	442.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Barely any improvement in game quality, garbage server connections, framerate drops, bugs, bugs, bugs.			
Posted: November 25, 2017	0	10	None	257	43.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24
												♥♥♥♥!ng hackers, also stats are broken AF			
Posted: November 25, 2017	2	10	None	257	1,090.3	Recommended	
Posted: June 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								No doubt the game is worth trying! But, you gonna have to own a really good pc in order to enjoy it, at least in it's current state. Also make sure you install the game on your SSD, game runs so much smoother with it.My PC specs:CPU: i3570GPU: GTX 660RAM: 8Gb* *(earlier I had 4Gb only, but it wasn't that bad, actually! Only thing, I had to restart the game quite more often)Overall fps is very good on my pc, but sometimes game freezes and yes game crashes like once out of 15 cases, which is why the game isn't quite ready yet.			
Posted: November 25, 2017	1	15	None	257	692.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Developed by morons.			
Posted: April 20	1	10	None	47	435.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 20
												I love this game but it still suck. Because it is so many cheater in here. If still don`t fix this problem, this game will worse than other games soon.			
Posted: April 20	6	10	None	47	4,051.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 9
												don t buy this game pls			
Posted: April 20	0	10	None	47	22.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25
												A good game that has been absolutely sunk by the worst administrative decisions. Greed got the better of them. The game plays the same as the day I purchased it. Progress is so painfully slow that the game is just stale, and huge optimization issues STILL exist. This is why the player base is evaporating.Fortnite, a FREE GAME, has a way friendlier microtransaction system, whereas this game is $30 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars and they make you pay to open crates and now they're charging more than Fortnite does for a WORSE Battle Pass.Meanwhile, communication is lackluster, promises are repeatedly made and broken, and the game is still a buggy, poorly optimized mess that isn't even all that fun half the time when it does work properly.This is absurd amounts of greed and it's obvious they're trying to milk this thing as much as possible as the playerbase plummets.PUBG deserves to die and I hope to dance on its grave.			
Posted: April 20	0	15	None	47	5.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is full of hackers. How can anyone like this?			
Posted: April 20	0	10	None	47	57.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is damn overrated/hyped, the fact that you  have to pay 30 € for 1 map, some guns (some  of them you wont get unless you kill someone that has that gun or you find a crate, high risk of getting killed, it might not be there too), 2 cars and a bugged bike, is unbelievable to me, the game has so many glitches and they couldnt fix it by now ? The amount of money they made from this game and dont fix some obvious glitches, makes me realise that this community doesnt care about the buggs or how little amount of content they get for a 30 € game, activision needs to start selling multyplayer seperate so they make twice the amount, apparently money and content doesnt matter for those peopleIm coming back to this game when its in beta, meanwhile im going to play games that are worth my money			
Posted: April 20	1	10	None	47	707.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 28, 2017
												This Game Sucks ! for mine, running extremely slow and freezing in Menu and have FPS Drops in Game! Before The ♥♥♥♥ing Updates everything was fine and i had no problems but now I Cant play anymore (Running with GTX 1060)

Posted: April 20	0	10	None	47	395.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Okay lets see... i left negative review on this game month ago ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how poorly it performed and how bad my FPS was so i decided to write new review becouse game got quite few updates with alot of fixes back in the days i had GTX 960 and i was getting 40 FPS on medium - low graphics with i5-4440 and 8 Gb of ram after that they released quite few of updates with fixes and olso i upgraded videocard GTX980 TI and ram to 16 and i must say it runs perfectly server lag issues were fixed in last patch and finally i can reccomend this game skill cap is quite big and gameplay is interesting in general its far more batter than H1Z1 and map is enjoyable too so ill give this game overall 9/10 hopefully creators will release more content for this game to keep it alive as long as possible definetly			
Posted: April 20	0	10	None	47	243.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												The worst game on steam thats been released. Invested with hackers/cheaters bad game mechanics bad hitboxes, chunky playermovement, loads of crashes. Sorry i bought this piece of crap*edit*This is DayzStandalone all over again. Loads of promises to fix the issues but will never fix them, but rather have some sort of dumbass emote system nobody wants and a new map..........			
Posted: April 20	1	10	None	47	183.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30
												Overhyped Broken♥♥♥♥♥Game. How about you spend some money on fixing it instead of lawyers, sicne the lawyers won't help regardless.And don't get me started on Game Director PLAYERUNKNOWN's massive EGO.Sincerely hope you lose your license to Unreal Engine you turd. 
Posted: April 20	1	10	None	47	372.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 15
												TLDR as everyones up to date about this game.The developers don't care about the community and can't code a game for♥♥♥♥♥♥After constant framedrops after the new "Optimization" updates, absoluty awful game mechanics and a "working" anti-cheat system, I can say that I have more faith in DayZ standalone coming out of Alpha than this game reaching a point where its actually playable.			
Posted: September 15	1	10	None	207	372.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 15
												TLDR as everyones up to date about this game.The developers don't care about the community and can't code a game for♥♥♥♥♥♥After constant framedrops after the new "Optimization" updates, absoluty awful game mechanics and a "working" anti-cheat system, I can say that I have more faith in DayZ standalone coming out of Alpha than this game reaching a point where its actually playable.			
Posted: September 15	2	15	None	207	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
												Just play Fortnite. It's free and the controls are better.			
Posted: September 15	1	10	None	207	33.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15
												It is so unoptimized, even on lowest possible graphics that look horrible I get frame drops and my PC isn't that bad, I can play pretty much anything on lowest and get decent frames but PUBG runs horribly and I get constant frame drops which makes it unplayable.Negative review unless it gets an performance boost.			
Posted: September 15	1	15	None	207	534.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30
												Hello guys, i've playing PUBG since one year but it seams that the cheaters is the primary income of Bluehole and they let them evolve in their new 'level system' and disgust the other (casual or not) players. I've spent a lot of time in this game but the last fitfteen games just make me vomit my meal with their wallhack or aimbot players that comme from China from the majority while i'me on EU servers... Nice Matchmaking Bluehole !!!I think, i gonna stop my comment their since i'm gonna insult that company :DGood luck for the early buyers and see you in BFV guys :D			
Posted: September 15	0	10	None	207	950.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 21
												After 700 hours, it pains me to write this review.  But the game is no longer the product it was.  The crashes, instability and microtransaction focus has driven me to look to alternatives like Islands of the Nyne.  For about the last 60 days, the ability to maintain consist FPS and server connection has been a gamble.  The optimization pass seemed ok, but the server instability and connection issues have remained.  The resources for the game seem to be more spent creating skins for cash, season pass content and temporary reward to entic players to drop that extra 9.99 for temporary rewards.  Unfortunately, I can no longer recommend this product to friends or you, my fellow gamers.			
Posted: September 15	0	15	None	207	344.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												4-3-183 games in a row, died from the game being buggy.1) Died from motorbike throwing me off from hitting an invisible bump at speed2) Stuck between 2 trailers in desert map, couldn't get out3) Car blew up after running into invisible rock.'E-Sports Ready"			
Posted: September 15	2	10	None	207	88.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 7
												Feels like im just punishing myself when i play this♥♥♥♥♥♥  But I want that chicken dinner! :(			
Posted: September 15	0	10	None	207	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 5, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Customization sucks. Gameplay is boring. It's just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥honestly.			
Posted: September 15	0	10	None	207	414.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Trash game full of trash devs. Crazy lag low fps terrible servers the list goes on. they are more concerned about making a console version than making and fixing the pc one.			
Posted: September 15	1	10	None	207	310.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun but the optimization is absolute balls			
Posted: May 10	0	15	None	171	130.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 10
Product received for free
												NEVER reviewed a game before, but I will say this about this game: fun game play, overall bad game.  Why? because you can't make a game that has a player rating system and not give a **** about cheaters and lump them all into the same rating system.  Sets double standards that it is ok to cheat.  Shame on you, creator and developers.  If thats what you want to teach kids, you are the greedy people I can do without in life.  You may have my money (that someone else spent on me... sorry super awesome friend, but here's my opinion of the game), but you won't ever have a good remark from me, not until you have some integrity and fix your broken ash system.  Everything else you are doing on this game is remarkable.  Decent mechanics and fun gameplay... EXCESSIVE cheaters aside.  If you don't mind losing to those fools who have no spine or balls whatsoever, be my guest and disagree with me.  To ANYONE ELSE who has respect for a decent shooter, play any Battlefield game. 
Posted: May 10	0	10	None	171	414.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Trash game full of trash devs. Crazy lag low fps terrible servers the list goes on. they are more concerned about making a console version than making and fixing the pc one.			
Posted: May 10	0	15	None	171	344.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												4-3-183 games in a row, died from the game being buggy.1) Died from motorbike throwing me off from hitting an invisible bump at speed2) Stuck between 2 trailers in desert map, couldn't get out3) Car blew up after running into invisible rock.'E-Sports Ready"			
Posted: May 10	1	10	None	171	310.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun but the optimization is absolute balls			
Posted: May 10	1	10	None	171	33.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15
												It is so unoptimized, even on lowest possible graphics that look horrible I get frame drops and my PC isn't that bad, I can play pretty much anything on lowest and get decent frames but PUBG runs horribly and I get constant frame drops which makes it unplayable.Negative review unless it gets an performance boost.			
Posted: May 10	1	10	None	171	297.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												PUBG is a very bad game, yet its the best of its kind.Pros:- The game is noobfriendly and very easy to learn - The rounds are short (the longest possible round would be 30min; 15-20 is more likely)- There are many players, so finding matches is easyCons:- The Netcode is plain horrible, which grants ppl. with high ping an advantage- The gunplay and movement are also kinda wonky due to inputlag when shooting or running(120-250ms)  (Source: youtube.com/c/BattleNonSense)- Too many Hacker (PUBG banned up to 8000ppl per day, yet its not enough)  (Source: twitter.com/playerunknown/status/907913534964506625?lang)- No option to choose, which map to play- They implemented pay-to-open lootboxes, which they first stated to never be implemented- No 3 man team mode, only solo/duo/squad			
Posted: May 10	0	10	None	171	390.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20
												Oh boy, where to start with this game? A game I want to like. Love even, but simply can't due to the company putting their (dickhuge) bottom line before their actual product.PUBG saw explosive growth thanks to the free advertisement of YT Creators and Twitch popularity. It hooked everyone into the Last Man(Team) Standing game mode and popularized a game mode by taking inspiration from the games that predated it and refined it into something that should've been a masterpiece. The game was good fun, good combat mechanics, and created some very tense Guadalajaran stand-offs that could pump you full of adrenaline, especially on your way to your first Chicken Dinner.Unfortunately, the developer has made some very questionable decisions when it comes to the game's longevity and that explosive growth has since started to moderately evaporate.The Good1. Combat, Weaponry and Sound- In any shooter, satisfying gunplay is key. PUBG aces this. Weapons feel and sound great to shoot, sound of nearby and distant gunshots keep you alert and aware of all the action occuring within your oscillatory environment, aiming is handled very well in both TP and FP with an added touch of steadier aiming when holding your breath. Subtle nuances like this make landing those 1000m kills on the person(s) or squad who's collecting their spoils of war from their own skirmish very satisfying. The options for rebinding and sensitivity for every aiming mode further allows for fine tuning. - Good sound design is something I heavily adore and the gun sounds are very distinct; you will know what weapon your opponent is trying to take you out with. This can allow you to auditorily size up your enemy to know what exactly you're going up against and allow you to determine if you have the means to engage. Vehicle sounds underwent a change, in my opinion, for the better, as they don't sound as grating and flat like they used to before and, like weapons, have their own distinct sounds that allow you to know what's about to run you over pass you by. The mortar strike sound update was majorly improved and you are now fully able to get in your last will and testament when you hear that whistling sound stop briefly before you are no more.- Weapons are modifiable and had a good update that now allows them to be even more modular for anyone who wanted weapons to be affected according to any given situation. I'm the guy who just grabbed a 4x, vert grip, ext quickie and compensator for his M4 but that extra viability in weapon assortment is always a plus for anyone who wants to suit an engagement to their terms.For a game that heavily uses store-bought assets (which I'm not against if it's done reasonably well as it is in PUBG), it forms a good, cohesive foundation for a game that had the opportunity to take the gaming market with an iron fist. Of course, Had being past-tense, I feel that opportunity is long gone for some of the most obvious reasons and very bad internal prioritizing obligations from Bluehole that have allowed games like Fortnite to eclipse PUBG in this game mode that is now being gangbanged by indie and AAA developers alike to get a slice of this pie that was so ready to be wholly claimed by Bluehole.The Bad2. Performance- Early access of PUBG was in March 2017 and was released in a very poor and unstable build. Optimization resulted in many of whom I know, and from the EA reviews at the time, playing on the lowest settings to maximize framerate. Stability and optimization, bug fixes and general QoL improved over time, but it was at a snail's pace and some patches left more to be desired. With the worldwide release in December 2017, the game was still in a relatively bad state deemed to be an official release, although general improvements had been made and the game was, for the most part, playable for mid-range PCs without much stuttering and audio cutting. 5 months after release (which was about when I stopped playing) the game's performance still suffers from stuttering, minimal audio cutting and should in no way be released officially. Putting aside the networking infrastructure, as that seems to be the hurdle for every battle royale game for the moment, the state of the game is playable but not optimal unless you have a high-end or enthusiast PC, but based on user feedback for PUBG, the instability of the game doesn't seem to guarantee 100% performance. With the graphical aesthetics of the game, mid-ranges should be loading this game no problem.3. Bugs- Will not lie, some of the bugs in this game are for the better; ridiculous collision physics launching cars, bikes, and humans many kilometers to their impending doom will never get old in video games. However, a lot of these bugs had serious impact on gameplay (the off-track aiming bug, parachute rebounding you in the air and clipping on weird things that can lead to a lot of health lost on landing or, worse, death, low performance players abusing texture rendering -- allowing them to walk, see and shoot through buildings, the list goes on.) Many of the gamebreakers got an eventual patch but some were few and far between and the wait was real for things that could've been bumped as simple hotfixes. Can't comment on the state of the game today since it's been a while since I last played, but from what I remember, the bugs, in my experience, were minimal in terms of affecting gameplay.The Ugly4. Hackers- PUBG was plagued FAR too long with hackers that really killed morale for me and my friends playing at all for quite a while, which I can only assume affected a good portion of the playerbase the same as us. They were subtle briefly, then came the half-map MLG Tony Hawk 900 no scopes with ♥♥♥♥ing buckshot. Your PUBG day comes to an abrupt end when you're in an apartment looting, hear a UAZ rolling by and you and your duo are sprayed dead by an UMP from that UAZ that's outside with absolutely no bullet penetration on walls. It started with maybe once every 5 games, then every 3, every other game, and on some days they were in every game myself or me and friends attempted to play. We've won chicken dinners against a few and there was no feeling of accomplishment to know that if we so much as exposed a hairline, we'd get ♥♥♥♥ing clipped. Last I saw, there were still some togglers out there who'd rack up 3 squads worth of wipes near the end of games, so that may or may not have changed now. I never cared for rank in most games I play but me and my duo made it to top 6% a couple instances but I never researched if the hackers were more prone to the higher or lower levels of rank. I should also note that we are filthy casuals and mostly played TPP so that may influence a lot.5. Bluehole's Bottom Line- I don't care about games including lootboxes that lets people play dress-up, but Bluehole should've probably spent more of that $700m they made in revenue to reinvenst in their game before rushing their release and introducing more monetization. Whatever argument anyone could give does not excuse the poor state of the game on its launch and the writing was on the wall about the priority for the game. The improvements were not steady enough to begin with and the extra revenue they generated from its inclusion didn't seem to motivate them either. As such, with the negative experiences in gameplay starting to get more and more frustrating, I decided to part ways with an otherwise fun game. While not inherently ugly, other personal annoyances included:- The exclusion of players hosting their own dedicated servers, only being provided to ♥♥♥♥ knows who.- A terrible HTML lobby system that occasionally makes starting a game a hassle.Amazing game with wasted potential. It was a fun ride while it lasted, here's hoping  Epic doesn't ram a stake into PUBG for any of you continuing to play.			
Posted: May 10	0	25	None	171	1,209.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												Why do you think that bringing this game out of early access is a smart idea? This was a horrible path to take and the game is going to get a lot of bad rep for doing this. People are still constantly crashing and finding a large quantity of bugs/glitches. This game needs to go back into early access and stay there until it is well optimized so people won't see consistent hit register problems, rubberbanding, crashing, not loading into the game, invisible menu, etc... The list goes on. I must admit it is a fun game, but it is not worth the price right now. Plus they brought it out of early access too early.You will get 20% fun and 80% aggrevation out of this game.GLHF, and i hope you don't constantly crash like some of my friends do.			
Posted: May 10	1	35	None	171	62.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Don't break community promises.			
Posted: May 10	1	15	None	171	781.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								After sinking countless hours into this game, plus the time I've spent on the test servers, I feel like I can have a pretty good idea of how I really feel about everything.First off, I'm really counting on this game to get better after if gets out of early access in a few days, because anything in my review could be argued with the classic early access excuse.I figure I start with the pros just so I can start on a positive note because I'm still very hopeful for the future of this game.PROS  I don't know how they did it, but this game is one of the most enjoyable games to play with friends. Some of my best moments in this game were when we ran into a funny/non-gamebreaking glitch that doesn't stomp our game, or when planning a perfect ambush with outstanding execution.  Killing other players is satisfying (most of the time)... this may only just be a side-effect of the battle-royale aspect of the game, and not just be specific to PUBG, but no one is going to convince me that the feeling when you nail a running/driving headshot with a Kar98k isn't magic.The next few are specific to the current test server, I won't do any cons on the test server however assuming most of the rubberbanding and HEAVY crashing issues are fixed  Miramar is ****ing gorgeous. I adore that map, less room for pansy players and more for quick reaction times and *MMPH* the Winchester. Keep fixing all of the weak points in the map that your players have been posting on the forum and I believe you have a genuine masterpiece of a map.  The new vehicle mechanics are fantastic as well, no more suicide bike (for the most part), vehicles are more encouraged to use the road, poppable motorcycle tires, spinouts, rollovers, and most of all, the buggy horn. Thanks for working on that, Blueballs.   The vaulting implementation was something that I was extremely skeptical about at first, but I actually haven't ran into any heavily exploited glitches brought by vaulting that other players have used. Vaulting has been smooth and enjoyable, especially since players can designate a key exclusive for vaulting. Thumbs up from me!CONS>Load into a game after two crashes with two failed crash reports>Drop into a moderately hot zone like Prison>Aiming for the roof of Main Building>Try to hit close to the edge to land first>Parachute freaks out and sends me flying to the ground>25% HP>Run into the bottom floor to find a gun spawn>Spot an AK but rubberbanding back outside of the building>Player runs in from the other bottom floor entrance and grabs AK>Hear two shots while still outside of the building>842266423541 killed YOU by headshot with AKM>ctrl+alt+delete, task manager, end taskThe number of times that or something similar has happened makes me want to play ****ing Dark Souls for the rest of my life, but to break down those issues-  The crashing. Ohhhh the crashing.  Parachuting needs serious work, it is beyond frustrating to be stuck in midair at school while spamming F, then fling off the roof.  Why does a player named 5465432487 have better connection than me?  My biggest issue with this game right now are the cheaters. Any form of cheating in vidya makes me sick to my stomach, people deliberately trying to just ruin the game for other players. I don't care how strict or sensitive of a anti-cheat you implement, but playing the game for 20 minutes to get killed across the map by XiongChinaXiong makes me not want to put any more time into the game. Fat kids literally streaming on twitch with blatant hacks and bragging about it is absolute garbage, and I don't think I'll be putting any more hours in the game if the heavy cheating continues into 2018.  The sound needs to get fixed for sure. I appreciate being able to tell direction most of the time (As I should in a game where sound/sound direction is everything). I ****ing LOATHE not being able to tell where a shot came from though because of a pompous WHAP and AEUGH sound make by my character, I'm jumping out of my chair from how loud those sounds are, meanwhile my health is halved and I'm cluelessly running behind a tree to bandage only to get shot in the head a second time by the same player.... from who knows...  The entire crate system feels like a joke, finally waiting until the BP cost resets, then proceeding to open three (3) working boots in a row. Just not very creative and I'm bored of the only desirable items being the gas masks, ballistic mask, and coats. I hope they improve the cosmetics in the game without adding dumb*** keys and purchasable ingame currency.  Speaking of in game currency, I feel like the payout after 35 minutes of gameplay and winning is extremely underwhelming. I mean at least you get the reward of your heart rate finally slowing down and a washing feeling of relief... but I think you should at least unlock a crate right then and there rather than 1000 something BP, which sometimes won't even get you a single crate.CONCLUSIONI hate to copy off of what someone else said, but I couldn't have said it better. Bluehole only got to the battle royale genre first, that's it (Besides H1Z1 you ****wit, because some of us enjoy hit reg and desirable game mechanics). If PUBG Corporation doesn't fix all of these issues before another company worth a damn comes out with a better looking/better playing battle royale game, this game will die. I feel like the battle royale genre is a perfect genre to show off the upcoming future generation of video games, and I hope bigger companies take it further.6/10 
Posted: July 21	0	10	None	34	950.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 21
												After 700 hours, it pains me to write this review.  But the game is no longer the product it was.  The crashes, instability and microtransaction focus has driven me to look to alternatives like Islands of the Nyne.  For about the last 60 days, the ability to maintain consist FPS and server connection has been a gamble.  The optimization pass seemed ok, but the server instability and connection issues have remained.  The resources for the game seem to be more spent creating skins for cash, season pass content and temporary reward to entic players to drop that extra 9.99 for temporary rewards.  Unfortunately, I can no longer recommend this product to friends or you, my fellow gamers.			
Posted: July 21	2	20	None	34	87.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game conceptually with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ execution, riddled with bugs, and clunky gameplay. PlayerUnkown (PU) is an authoritarian SJW communist and Bluehole's CEO is hypocritical beyond belief for criticizing rising competition in the genre (Epic Games' Fortnite); threatening "action". Competition brought about PUBG which forced King of the Kill (PU's prior Battle Royale project) to make big improvements. Now that Bluehole enjoys the majority share of the market, they are afraid that Epic Games' superior development experience will outshine them, exposing their shoddy jurry-rigged game, stealing away their customers.			
Posted: July 21	0	10	None	34	123.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2
												Steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Not to mention greed in its absolute purest form radiating off of anything with the label PUBG. The game had potential but it was all thrown away after the physical manifestation of one of the deadly sins into our world i.e. the developers.			
Posted: July 21	0	10	None	34	1,667.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17
												I have a lot of fun in this game, and I am really appreciated to this game, but now it is time for me to sell all my ingame stuff and uninstall the game.It's been years now and the desync is getting worse. I die so much without seeing my killer only to see him run around the corner to look my body that is 5 feet away. I'm truely sad that after all this time nothing has changed...			
Posted: July 21	1	10	None	34	626.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 29
												Region. Lock. China.▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: July 21	1	15	None	34	18.5	Recommended	
Posted: September 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hey there, Rebus Forever here with another one minute-ish preview, this time it's the controversy ridden early access release that is PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds. Video review available here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGxucuObgxkhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/RebusForeverReviews#curationDId you like Battle Royale?Do you like being killed but not knowing why? Do you like having to develop some god tier skills to consistently do well?Then this might be the game for you.  PlayerUnknown's sees you pitted against a wall of blue gradual death that stalks you across a huge open map you are free explore and bask in the scale of for the first 5 minutes of the match, after which the pursuing blue wall will politely hurry you along by slowly sucking your soul out should you dawdle.Apparently, so I've heard, there are other people in the game- but often my only source of this information is the post death screen that follows some sudden and untraceable gunfire. PlayerUnknown's is a Battle Royale style game- for anyone unfamiliar with the film, Battle Royale was a feel good rom com that followed the wacky misadventures of a dysfunctional class of school children and their hilarious former teacher on a school trip to the jungle.From there, it's the rom com staple of everyone being forced to kill one another- in this case with nothing more than a supplied backpack of random stuff and whatever they can scrounge- to hilarious and heartwarming effect; rinse and repeat til there is only one person left. PlayerUnknown's is essentially an unlicensed Eastern European themed version of that. The game can be played in a total FFA mode, and also in squads- if you know enough openly masochistic people.Each game of PlayerUnknown's begins with you waiting in the lobby area until it reaches capacity, during this time you are free to walk around and interact via voice chat with the other players, giving everybody a good opportunity to participate in civil discourse, wish one another the best of luck or exchange tips and advice.......Once the lobby fills the game begins.For some reason, the devs decided to begin the game with an American Airlines passenger simulator giving you the option to disembark the plane within a set time or removing you by other means if necessary. You begin empty-handed, once on the ground scavenging is the order of the day and then the killing or hiding begins in earnest. The map is huge, to prevent camping and force player interaction (see killing), the map begins shrinking in stages, if you chute down in the wrong place you may well find your only challenge for the game is staying inside the playable area. There is a wide variety of weapons and superficial items littered around with a number of vehicles also added to aid with mobility.Each game continues until there is only one player left. After each game, you earn some nonsense, game specific currency you can also spend real money on, that allows you to buy lootboxes that might contain a superficial item you might be interested in; the random, almost abusive nature of the loot purchase system, matches the feel of the gameplay perfectly.  (I spent all of my time in FFA mode for context.)I simultaneously enjoy PUBG, suck at it and think its a little over priced.The games performance is patchy- most of the time when I die I don't know why.I've only made it into the top 10 a handful of times, the devs are now apparently banning people for killing streamers with claims they are doing so without just cause, but if you can pick it up for half price sometime (and have the patience of a saint) PUBG might be the grieving engine for you.Thanks for checking my review!!			
Posted: July 21	0	20	None	34	1,881.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME (DEVS ARE ALLOWING HACKING DUE TO PROFITS)Hackers purchase game with real money one timeHackers play and win every game with massive amounts of kills giving them a ridiculous amount of BP (in game currency)Hackers use BP to get crates and sell itemsHackers use money made from sold items to buy new game once bannedEndless cycle occurs and Bluehole ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s make money. This game is so broken and the Devs dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥at all.			
Posted: July 21	0	10	None	34	40.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30
												Neg:- Netcode is garbage- Devs do not care about netcode. Literally games that came out 10 years ago had better netcode.- Hitreg/damage calculation are pure garbage- Server syncs/desyncs (you can clearly see that in the killcams)- You can kill people by shooting in the air like you just dont care- Vertical recoil and weapon precision is a joke. It is so high it clearly disadvantages low DPI players. I play on 450 in 1080p. It is very hard, if not impossible to control the recoil in full auto in most cases.- People use recoil control software with their mouse and macros for auto shooting in semi, which greatly improves their accuracy.- Hackers- Cancer playberbase much (voice chat permanently off for me)- Sniper rifle headshot a character wearing a LVL2 helmet and the player still lives? Broken hitboxes along with desyncs do wonder.- Overpriced- Plenty of small useless updates every dayPros:- Decent graphics- Cool gamemode- Can play with up to 3 friends- Keybind menu is niceDevs need to:Fix netcode and desyncs, balance recoil, effective ranges and damages. Eventually the "boss" will spend a fraction of the millions he earned to make this game great. Or not. Hiring a few network experts for at least a couple of months would be highly beneficial.In its current state, hitreg is even worse than in early access. Creating overpriced skins and marketing them while milking the playerbase is not an issue for me. But at least fix the damn netcode/hit registration.			
Posted: July 21	1	10	None	34	397.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 20
												Devs be like: Crates > Performance			
Posted: July 21	1	10	None	34	1,058.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5
												♥♥♥♥ you and your game. You are pathetic. Made millions and million of dollars but can't fix a ♥♥♥♥ing game. So unfortunate that a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company created this game.			
Posted: April 12	8	20	None	21	590.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12
												does the designer even play the game？			
Posted: April 12	8	15	None	21	365.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 5
												Even my toaster has a better perfomance than this servers.			
Posted: April 12	6	20	None	21	100.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												When the mobile game runs smother than the pc game, noice meme.			
Posted: April 12	23	170	None	21	1,139.4	Recommended	
Posted: February 14
												South African servers PLEASEEEEE and area lock china !!!!!!			
Posted: April 12	0	10	None	21	60.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27
												wtf are these 10+ gb update?don't make us download the whole game everytime an update comesalso lol event pass in an unfinished $30 game with bugs and lootboxes			
Posted: April 12	0	15	None	21	32.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19
												It's an ok battle royale game. For people who like battle royale games you may like this. Its not an arcade type of game like fortnite is, its more realistic. The guy who made this made Arma mods so if you have played that and know what battle royale is then you already have a pretty good idea on what you are getting into.The game itself is enjoyable though personally, battle royale is not my cup of tea. If you like those types of games then you will most likely enjoy this.Where I have a problem is the micro-transactions. If I remember right, the micro second this game went from early access to full release, there were microtransactions. One thing I think these developers dont understand is for fortnite to have microtransactions is a little different, because it's free to play. But I payed money for this game and they still are trying to milk me dry.When this game came out, I would have recomended it, but the market is so saturated with battle royale games now that you dont need to put up with bad business tactics like a payed game trying to milk you for more money. There are so many different battle royale experiences, this isnt your only option.Though I do think it's super cool that Player unknown went from making Arma mods to being one of the most recognizable names in the gaming industry. good on you bud.			
Posted: April 12	32	257	None	21	627.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								(Post note: The following has been written prior to my learning about optimization on my own end, server issues around patch dates, and info from Reddit that's SUPER helpful.)BRUH. You want anxiety and a rush and a solid feel of accomplishment?! This is your ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and cream. This is super early alpha so OPTIMIZATION DOES NOT EXIST YET. GTX 980 and I run everything on low because the game is in its infancy. This game just came out, give it some time and help turn it into YOUR GAME, so leave feedback! The game does get lag spikes and low res but it young, HOWEVER this is one of the few games that gets me frantic and SO pumped when you start getting within 50 players. It's Hunger Games, times a lot. In Russia. Game drops everyone off, kicks you out the back of a plane, and you're on your own to survive. You have to THINK ALL the time, be watchful and LISTEN. This is not an easy game. If you want a game to be a challange for you, you have 99 other people hunting for you. Or in a duo, or squad. 10/10 IGN instantly addicted.			
Posted: April 12	3	67	None	21	325.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												trash game. hits 1.0 still servers are a problem.......			
Posted: April 12	2	42	None	21	148.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best battle royale game out on the market  to date.  Everything about the game is better than h1z1. Cars arent overpowered as all hell. Bullet drop and bullet travel times are realsitic. Not everyone finds an ak/ar 5 minutes into the game. Just everything abou the game is better. (except parachuting, that part sucks♥♥♥♥♥ but id assume it will be fixed here pretty soon). Just overall a great game!			
Posted: April 12	271	184	None	21	643.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
												ARMA and H1Z1 had a beautiful night.... nine months later they had a son and call it......PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS....			
Posted: December 23, 2017	0	17	None	107	292.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												PUBG is quite fun to play with friends, and, has an Early Access  game i was totally fine with : rubberbanding,D-Sync; game crashes.. etc ...im sure you guys know what im talking.So now the game release....and its the SAME sheite !Not that the game isint fun,  but this practise  became industry standars.♥♥♥♥♥OFF! Let me rephrase....♥♥♥♥♥OFF!!!its not ok to release patches after patches after pacthes of a release game to fix problems!!			
Posted: December 23, 2017	1	17	None	107	276.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Why finish an early access game when you can milk it as soon as possible?﻿Makes sense right?Other then that. pretty good game			
Posted: December 23, 2017	0	17	None	107	93.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Focus on finishing the game instead of offering payed content.			
Posted: December 23, 2017	2	17	None	107	374.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
Product received for free
												SO lag after update this time, plz corret it			
Posted: December 23, 2017	0	34	None	107	133.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cash grab skin system incoming			
Posted: December 23, 2017	1	12	None	107	854.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very good game in all ways but 2 right now as of writing this!#1 Bad optimazation even high end pc's get bad frames#2 EU server are very bad almost unplayabel some times rubberbanding lagg and desync so you get shot behind cover.			
Posted: December 23, 2017	0	12	None	107	141.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								was good but ruined by cheating.			
Posted: December 23, 2017	2	12	None	107	10.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28
												CAN I REFUND IT???????			
Posted: December 23, 2017	3	12	None	107	131.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: December 23, 2017	0	12	None	107	552.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Doomed to fail, server has no authority over gameplay.			
Posted: October 10	5	12	None	1,705	822.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 10
												nono buy			
Posted: October 10	0	12	None	1,705	269.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 27
												I've had enough of this game.			
Posted: October 10	3	12	None	1,705	199.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 3
												RNG game.2nd circle is like waiting for the bus to come.u need NASA |Computer to run this.like if your double pump does 9 damage. 
Posted: October 10	0	12	None	1,705	784.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Taking into account the fact that the main developer said that he has nothing against cheat creators and the abundancy of cheaters in the PUBG nowadays, I would certainly recommend not to buy it. In the past time getting killed by cheaters in almost 50% of the games becomes an everyday life.Sell cheats -> get monies -> bribe/make a share with the developers -> wait till the next ban wave -> cheaters buy the game and cheats again -> repeat. ??? PROFIT !!!			
Posted: October 10	0	12	None	1,705	55.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2017
												Unless you have a group of English speaking friends to play with don't bother, the NA servers have been entirely invaded by Chinese hackers.The devs have shown no motivation to do anything at all about the rampant cheating players from the AS server and until they do I cannot reccomend this game to anyone.I played 10 games the other day in Sqaud and Duo, I was murdered in 5 of them by my Chinese team mates and was the only English speaking player in my sqaud for 4 of them. Believe me, this has nothing to do with racism, I just want to play with people that speak my own freakin language on the NA servers and not have my chicken dinners denied by someone with godmode on while screaming at me in Chinese.			
Posted: October 10	1	12	None	1,705	142.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Scummy Devs.			
Posted: October 10	3	12	None	1,705	1,155.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												Daun game, dont buy			
Posted: October 10	3	12	None	1,705	165.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 24
Product received for free
												I'm going to ignore the issue with Chinese players and cheaters since everyone else has already beaten it to death. Even then, there's still plenty else wrong with this game. Don't get me wrong, PUBG can be fun and has a lot of potential to be a great game. But BattleEye, BlueHole, PlayerUnknown, or whatever the developer goes by next has no idea what they're doing, or just don't care about improving the game.This game has the worst performance I've ever seen outside of low-budget indie games. I can play Arma 3 at medium-to-high settings with 70+ FPS, and there's a lot more going on in that game compared to this. Meanwhile I can't even run a consistent 60 frames on minimum settings and 720p in PUBG, with frequent drops as low as the 20's. And even if I raise my graphics settings higher it doesn't have much of an impact on my performance. I might lose 10 frames at most on the high end and 3-5 frames on the low end. And even if someone has a high-end system with a good CPU, 16GB of RAM, and a 1080, they'll still get drops as low as the 70's which is ridiculous. There's obviously something wrong with the optimization, and they should have sorted it out before release. Not to mention all of the bugs and broken gameplay mechanics. The cover system in this game is awful. Even if your gun is visibly over a wall, your bullets can still sometimes hit it. Aiming over walls or around corners is extremely tedious, because instead of being like Arma, Red Orchestra, or a bunch of other games; there's not a separate animation for aiming like this, so a lot of the time you can't even pull your gun up (stuck in a passive position) when you need to. Both the maps are way too big, 100 players isn't nearly enough for the size, so you're going to spend 90% of the game running and looting because of that with little to no conflict outside of the first 2 minutes. But the issue is heavily exasperated in Mirimar because of the lack of good loot spawns, terrible vehicles, and having significantly more open areas where nothing spawns. It's like Snipe City on Erangel but most of the map. The net code in this game is awful. It was excuseable when the game was in alpha, they wouldn't have been able to afford high tickrate servers. But they haven't improved it at all since then. They've made nearly half a billion dollars, yet we still have 17 tickrate servers. For comparison, Fortnite BR (and most multiplayer games) has a tickrate of 30, and it's had significantly less development time. I'm not going to go into detail on the bugs because there's too many, so just going to list them out;- Vehicles flipping or going flying into the air for no reason- Vehicles exploding because they get stuck in a prop- Sometimes you can be forced out of your vehicle, but that's more rare now- Player model getting stuck in props/vaulting animation - Vaulting animation killing you because the game thinks you're falling - Walking into a prop killing you because the game thinks you're falling - Inconsistent sound (most commonly with swimming underwater)- Inconsistent fall damage (sometimes you can fall 2 feet and lose half your health, sometimes you can jump off the roof of a 3 story building and lose no health)- Guns not firing on first click/hold - Everyone being forced out of the plane at the same time- Taking fall damage when landing - Sometimes you don't pick up objects when you drag them into inventory or press F- Reticle sights sometimes aren't rendered correctly (relatively large square instead of a small dot)- Doors or staircases don't load into the game at all sometimes (they said they fixed this, but I still see it ocassionally)- Walls not rendering for one player but rendering for everyone else (again, said they fixed it, but can still happen)- Text in the game either not appearing correctly, or appearing in a different language - Frequent crashes, mostly on launch or when loading into a game. - Can't tab out while loading into a game or you will get the "MatchState Pre-Login: In Progress" error- Grenades sometimes don't do any damage- The thing where your magazine gets stuck in your player model (not important but has been in the game since alpha)- Firing shotguns causes game lag for some reason ( https://forums.playbattlegrounds.com/topic/44598-very-important-input-lag-especially-with-mouse/ )There's definitely more than this, this is just stuff I've personally experienced several times. People will still try to defend the game, but come on. It's not a low budget indie game. It's not in Alpha OR Beta anymore. There's no excuse for any of these issues, especially if you're going to be adding more microtransactions. By far the biggest issue with the game is the developers themselves. I've never seen developers be this scummy and still get away with it. Even EA and Ubisoft aren't this bad. I'm glad I didn't buy the game myself, because I wouldn't be able to sleep at night knowing I financially supported these people.They lie constantly about the state of the game (said the game uses 30 tick servers, when that's just the capabilities of the engine and the game itself is 14 tick on average, and 20 tick at most), make light about the issues (haha esports ready xddd tweets), obviously rushed the "final" release for Christmas even though the game clearly isn't in a finished state, ban people for stream sniping with no evidence of it, disrespect their entire community by calling them bigots and racists just because they're sick of Chinese hackers and want a light region-lock. I can go on-and-on but this review is already long enough already.			
Posted: October 10	3	12	None	1,705	131.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: October 10	2	12	None	1,705	1,347.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												The game won't even launch after the new update			
Posted: August 24, 2017	1	12	None	159	142.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Scummy Devs.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	3	12	None	159	1,155.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												Daun game, dont buy			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	12	None	159	283.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11
												They created an offical website called "Fixpubg" where they ask the community for help to fix their game. But hey, new Skins for $$$ on a weekly base.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	12	None	159	560.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17
Product received for free
												game so many hack ♥♥♥♥ing trash			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	12	None	159	8.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								When you are a dev, you run a business. Because you run a business, people who buy from you are not your friends.If a friend lied to me about something, and explained themselves and came clean, I could find it in my heart to forgive and forget.A person from a business, you now have no credibility. The developer of this game said no microtransactions until release: even to fund their own campaign to have a tourny. The fact of the matter is, the dev has already shown that they've lied about something pretty offensive as microtransations and as such I will never recommend this game.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	24	None	159	146.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2017
												Enjoyable game, until you hit five times an enemy player that is two meters away from you with an automatic shotgun (S12K) and he doesn't even get knocked out, no recoil hack is very common too.As always, cheaters ♥♥♥♥ up great games.▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: August 24, 2017	47	495	None	159	103.4	Recommended	
Posted: June 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun game to play with friends			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	159	119.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												Regionlock the Chinese please. Stupid Chinese hackers are ♥♥♥♥ing up the gameplay.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	1	7	None	159	193.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's a great game if you play with friends, You will rage about simple things like... Not finding a vehicle in time, or some guy sneaking behind you.But the audio in the game is complete trash. Someone shoots infront of you and you have no idea where he is. Finding people who are shooting you, is this game's greatest challange.I rate this game 8/10			
Posted: August 24, 2017	2	7	None	159	985.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Most realistic Detroit simulator around			
Posted: January 5	0	7	None	92	119.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												Regionlock the Chinese please. Stupid Chinese hackers are ♥♥♥♥ing up the gameplay.			
Posted: January 5	0	7	None	92	49.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
												Too many goooks in this shitpiece. Love it!!			
Posted: January 5	0	7	None	92	18.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								honestly completely overhyped and not worth the 30 dollars.			
Posted: January 5	3	7	None	92	463.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 2
												11/10 Best crash/dc simulator			
Posted: January 5	2	7	None	92	1,968.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												The game started from a point full of potential with a great future ahead of it, they're kinda blowing it every new update..Let it be the game becoming a big sellout, the servers being as stable as greece's economy status and the maps / gameplay mechanics / performance / content ( such as event pass) they release being completely bugged..EVEN with all that , it'll be VERY difficult to find a battle royale as good as PUBG if you hate building / TPP BRs.Do I really recommend this game? Kinda but mostly not... You probably shouldn't buy this game if you're not completely hooked with BRs and have a PC rig below averageAm I gonna keep playing this game? Yeah, in hopes they'll fix this game and see everyone's reviews and take them to heart.			
Posted: January 5	1	7	None	92	124.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26
												███░░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░█░███░░█░░░░░█░░█░░█░██░████░░█░░░░█░██░░█░░█░░█░█░███░░█░████░░██░░███░░██░░█░░██░░░░░██░░░██░░█░░██░░░░█░░█░█░░░░███░░░░█░░█░█░░░░█░█████░░██░░░██░░█░░█░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░░███░░░░████░░█░░██░█░█░░██░░░░█░░█░░█░░█░██░████ ░██░░█░░█░███░█░░█░█░░█			
Posted: January 5	1	7	None	92	514.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												#RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina# RegionLockChina # RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina #RegionLockChina			
Posted: January 5	0	7	None	92	618.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												WHOOO, Here we go. 570 Hours into the game and here I am finally writing a review. I honestly have no clue where to start with this game so I'll just start off with the pros, as unfortunately the cons heavily outweigh them. PROS  General Concept For being one of the first of its kind PUBG's battle royale concept is a great one. For anyone who loved classic deathmatch games, the battle royale mechanics in PUBG provide an extremely enjoyable experience; Every moment is intense, multitasking is crucial, and stacking up your kills is always your primary goal. With 100 players fighting in a constantly shrinking area, the game provides intense, adrenaline fueled gameplay which can be entertaining for hours. Graphics The realistic graphics in PUBG are great and look beautiful, while also providing the player with a great sense of immersion. There is a relatively good amount of detail that again makes the game all the more immersive. Even though today the game's graphics are a bit demanding the Bluehole team has made them more compatible throughout the game's development, and continue to do so. Online PUBG is a big enough game that finding and joining a game is a quick process. The game's connectivity issues have been smoothed out overtime and as long as you have a ping under 100, online play is crisp and delay free.I wish I had more positive notes to give, but unfortunately this is where we talk about the issues with the game.  CONS  Gameplay Even though the concept of PUBG is a great one as previously mentioned, the gameplay is disappointing to say the least and does not at all live up to the greatness of the game's concept. The gameplay heavily relies on RNG (Random Number Generator) systems and thus lacks in consistency, making the game itself more based off of a player's luck as opposed to a player's skill. The game also has an astronomically large amount of bugs and glitches that can chip away heavily at gameplay experience. Pair these two major issues together and you get a game that is almost the equivalent of a rigged slot machine. Playerbase PUBG's playerbase is a bit of an iffy subject. While playing with other players in Duos and Squads can generally be a pleasant experience, there are times when you will be grouped with players who do not communicate, either because they don't intend to or because they literally can't due to language barriers. Apart from that the game still suffers from a large amount of hackers, and even though Bluehole is trying at getting rid of them they still diminish gameplay experience for many users who encounter them. Developer Incompetence I honestly don't know where to start with this one. While PUBG originally started out as a promising multiplayer battle royale game, PLAYERUNKNOWN and Bluehole have managed to pull off a complete 180 and screw up anything that made the game enjoyable in the first place.  Ever since Fortnite took the podium as the 1# battle royale game, Bluehole and PLAYERUNKNOWN have became extremely bitter towards Epic Games and every other battle royale game currently on the market. While the game started out with the developers trying to be creative and add new features while also improving the game's quality, they now spend less time improving and creating and more time trying to figure out how to make more money. Since the game's popularity has been falling they've been trying to claw their way back into the spotlight by hosting Esports events and sponsoring internet celebrities. And through all of this mess they decided to stop listening to their community, the people that actually gave them the success they currently have. As of now they see their community as drones that will freely hand over as much money as they can leech out of them. Until they get their act together and straighten out their priorities, I can't recommend buying PUBG, or any game that either PLAYERUNKNOWN or Bluehole publishes for that matter. Closing While PUBG may be a thrilling and fun game to play, I can't honestly recommend it because it simply isn't worth the money or the time. While one may get a somewhat enjoyable experience out of it, it's various flaws, inconsistencies, and developer immaturity make the game frankly, not worth investing in. Score  3/10  -ZEN9TH  
Posted: January 5	0	7	None	92	73.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Greediest developers on steam... charge you 30 dollars to get the game only to add locked crates that cost 2.50 to open, and now they add "event passes" which are a complete copy of Fortnite's "battle pass," another stupid Battle Royale game, but THESE so called "event passes" cost you even more money, and if you choose to not purchase it,  all skins you can obtain are for a limited time only . these developers need to focus on improving their game instead of milking it for money. Without purchasing the "event pass" obtaining any skins is now impossible because they limit you to getting 80 XP a day w/out missions, when it requires 400 XP just to get to the first level! i would strongly advise against ever purchasing this game. 
Posted: January 5	0	7	None	92	278.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												This is by far one of the WORST games I have ever played. I strongly advise you to TRIPLE think your decision of buying this game. Over half of the population in PUBG are cheaters. Speed hacking, aim botting, God mode, you name it it's in here. Company statistics even show 1 in every 3 games you will encounter a hacker. 13k accounts banned per day due to hacking. Aside from the unbearable unfairness of that aspect alone, the lag in this game is beyond unacceptable. Every game you will lag gaurenteed when you drop in. Guns won't load, enemies won't load, horrendous rubber banding and so much more. The amount of glitches and bugs in this fully released game is enough to make you bald with frustration. The enjoyment of the game relies entirely on RNG. Basically, very few times will you actually truly enjoy playing this game. Even the CEO of this company announced that their main concerns about the game comes AFTER profits. Let that sink in. Your money is more important than the integrity of the game. All in all enjoyment can still be found in PUBG but it's incredibly hard to find it. I do not recommend this game to anyone. If you are looking for a battle royale type game I advise playing Fortnite over this piece of trash.			
Posted: February 2	3	7	None	174	463.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 2
												11/10 Best crash/dc simulator			
Posted: February 2	0	7	None	174	278.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8
												This is by far one of the WORST games I have ever played. I strongly advise you to TRIPLE think your decision of buying this game. Over half of the population in PUBG are cheaters. Speed hacking, aim botting, God mode, you name it it's in here. Company statistics even show 1 in every 3 games you will encounter a hacker. 13k accounts banned per day due to hacking. Aside from the unbearable unfairness of that aspect alone, the lag in this game is beyond unacceptable. Every game you will lag gaurenteed when you drop in. Guns won't load, enemies won't load, horrendous rubber banding and so much more. The amount of glitches and bugs in this fully released game is enough to make you bald with frustration. The enjoyment of the game relies entirely on RNG. Basically, very few times will you actually truly enjoy playing this game. Even the CEO of this company announced that their main concerns about the game comes AFTER profits. Let that sink in. Your money is more important than the integrity of the game. All in all enjoyment can still be found in PUBG but it's incredibly hard to find it. I do not recommend this game to anyone. If you are looking for a battle royale type game I advise playing Fortnite over this piece of trash.			
Posted: February 2	0	7	None	174	119.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
												Regionlock the Chinese please. Stupid Chinese hackers are ♥♥♥♥ing up the gameplay.			
Posted: February 2	0	7	None	174	49.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
												Too many goooks in this shitpiece. Love it!!			
Posted: February 2	0	7	None	174	18.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								honestly completely overhyped and not worth the 30 dollars.			
Posted: February 2	0	7	None	174	1,123.7	Recommended	
Posted: February 20
												The best game I ever played!			
Posted: February 2	1	7	None	174	36.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Totally it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥The service is rubbish.Even worse than ubi! Hackers are everywhere.But they do nothing.And the game is not friendly for your computer.You'll need a 7k dollars computer to make this game at middle level display with 60fps.The stupid idiot from BLUEHOLE just wanted to make more money and make this game worse than the latest update.This is the worst game I've ever played.			
Posted: February 2	1	7	None	174	19.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
												goals https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiMdWUvoOvo&t (lmao virgins in  twitch chat xd)			
Posted: February 2	6	7	None	174	843.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								10/10 would die again.			
Posted: February 2	2	7	None	174	985.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Most realistic Detroit simulator around			
Posted: June 22	0	7	None	175	73.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22
												Greediest developers on steam... charge you 30 dollars to get the game only to add locked crates that cost 2.50 to open, and now they add "event passes" which are a complete copy of Fortnite's "battle pass," another stupid Battle Royale game, but THESE so called "event passes" cost you even more money, and if you choose to not purchase it,  all skins you can obtain are for a limited time only . these developers need to focus on improving their game instead of milking it for money. Without purchasing the "event pass" obtaining any skins is now impossible because they limit you to getting 80 XP a day w/out missions, when it requires 400 XP just to get to the first level! i would strongly advise against ever purchasing this game. 
Posted: June 22	0	7	None	175	1,698.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								For an early access game it is very polished and the continued updates are great. A real commitment to releasing this game fully is evident from the developers. The game is adictive, and the best way I normally describe this is to say every house is a loot box. Full of good weapons ammo and medical supplies. These help you to dispatch the enemy. Love this Game.			
Posted: June 22	2	7	None	175	985.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Most realistic Detroit simulator around			
Posted: June 22	1	7	None	175	203.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: June 22	3	7	None	175	332.8	Recommended	
Posted: April 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								I really like this game, it fits my style of play way better then H1Z1 King of the Kill. This has a bit more strategy in it, KotK is a bit to arcadey to me, recommend!			
Posted: June 22	1	7	None	175	36.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Totally it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥The service is rubbish.Even worse than ubi! Hackers are everywhere.But they do nothing.And the game is not friendly for your computer.You'll need a 7k dollars computer to make this game at middle level display with 60fps.The stupid idiot from BLUEHOLE just wanted to make more money and make this game worse than the latest update.This is the worst game I've ever played.			
Posted: June 22	0	7	None	175	1,123.7	Recommended	
Posted: February 20
												The best game I ever played!			
Posted: June 22	0	7	None	175	495.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game, Great conceptstop worrying about new content and work on fixing your servers, your UI, the major bugs... instead of trying to find more ways to make money you already have. You got to big to fast.			
Posted: June 22	1	7	None	175	60.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												Imma get straight to the point, save your money and get  Fortnite  Heres why PUBG sucks:  Major Con, extreme amounts of looting in this game makes the game stale When people play PUBG unfortunately they feel the need of having mods, gear, helmet, vest, meds and boosters in their inventory ARE necessary for their ability to play due to the wide variety of items and upgrades that can give you a mild advantage so naturally people want to take advantage of this and only engage when they have the right items which is fairly smart if you want to win however looking at the wide scope of things the amount of different items your going to want to have is huge for a battle royale game encouraging looting over fighting causing a stale gameplay experience.  For example  if someone goes into a building and finds an M16 with some ammo, instead running and gunning and actively fighting others they will pick it up and go "ok now I need a scope for it and a helmet and a vest and some meds and boosters and a stock and a silencer etc etc" and ONLY after they loot all these items they are ready to fight. So what you get is at the beginning of the game, unless you are an active running and gunning player with that kind of mindset you will get absolutely stale gameplay running across the map and looting which in my experience takes up about 80% of a match. Although looting is an important aspect of any battle royale game, the primary focus of the game should be actively fighting each other and not looting! Even 20-30 minutes in people are still going to be looting beacuse of the extra little upgrades you can still get such as a level 3 vest compared to your level 1 or a silencer instead of a compensator etc, the wide variety of different items and modifications you can get has made people specifically go for and want to loot even more thus how the game is intentionally or unintentially primarily focusing the looting aspect of PUBG and giving people this looting mindset of disengaging from fights and finding more loot makes a stale match. This is what makes PUBG boring, a hiding and running looting fest, the only parts of an average match which I genuinely find exciting and fun is either in the final few circles where everyone is out there to find and fight each other which I admit really does get my adrenaline pumping or at the very beginning, landing in a highly populated area where there is an active threat and looting takes as a secondary focus. Unfortunately these heart pumping moments where I feel like im scared for my life only take up no more than 20% of the game if youre lucky, the rest of it is a boring, stale, unexciting loot fest.  Heres why fortnite is superior The looting system and the way people play Fortnite is much simplier and honestly so much more fun. This is because of the lack of items people deem necesarry to fight with. The moment you land in fortnite and you see a green shotgun for example (a relatively common item in the game) is all you need and your good to go and can literally run and gun around the area and engage in killing people with no problem. Sure there are other items in the game that can come in handy but not nearly as much as you would need in PUBG as you dont necessarily need a shield potion for the early game or even possibly end game of fortnite at all as I've won many matches without it and meds dont have nearly as much of a severe impact on the game as in PUBG as typically fights are much more close ranged giving bandaging up in fights almost futile. All you need in fornite is a decent gun and youre okay, no silencers, no scopes, no armour pieces, no bullsh*t.This is what makes a battle royale game fun. Side Cons of PUBG compared to Fortnite -PUBG is notoriously poorly optimised, even players with good PC's exceeding the system requirements have unenjoyable performance issues. Fortnite runs perfectly if you meet the system requirements.-PUBG is $40 NZD compared to Fortnite being free Side Pros of PUBG -Biggest Battle Royale Game out there, huge community almost everyone owns it so it can be a good conversation starter for those awkward moments irl if the other person has played or even heard of PUBG (likely)  :)-Turning in a questionable Esport??-Made my money back from selling crates although I owned the game for a while now when the Gamescom Crates came out and selling the normal cases at a higher price soo-Hard to think of many more pro's and con's :P leave comments down below of any and I can easily edit this post :)			
Posted: June 22	0	7	None	175	141.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is G A R B A G E. First, lets start off with the fact that they do NOT review reports for bans. If you are reported, you will be banned without review and with no offical evidence behind their claims. Played 3 matches, logged off and go to log back on less than 24 hours later and I get a message stating I was banned. You reach out to their god awful support team, and they basically copy and paste a message telling you they have no way to unban you or view the match in which you received your ban from.Secondly, this game is the biggest cash grab to date. The game just left early access and has been ported to Xbox One WITHOUT EVEN BEING OPTIMIZED. Instead of focusing on fixing the broken gameplay and bugs, they just roll out a new map, car tweaks (which breaks the vehicles even more than before), and throw in more weapons which result in even more bugs. DON'T. WASTE. YOUR. MONEY.			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	36.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26
												First yet worst of its kind. Better play some other game if one really wants to play Battle Royale.			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	495.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game, Great conceptstop worrying about new content and work on fixing your servers, your UI, the major bugs... instead of trying to find more ways to make money you already have. You got to big to fast.			
Posted: January 26	1	7	None	543	60.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
												Imma get straight to the point, save your money and get  Fortnite  Heres why PUBG sucks:  Major Con, extreme amounts of looting in this game makes the game stale When people play PUBG unfortunately they feel the need of having mods, gear, helmet, vest, meds and boosters in their inventory ARE necessary for their ability to play due to the wide variety of items and upgrades that can give you a mild advantage so naturally people want to take advantage of this and only engage when they have the right items which is fairly smart if you want to win however looking at the wide scope of things the amount of different items your going to want to have is huge for a battle royale game encouraging looting over fighting causing a stale gameplay experience.  For example  if someone goes into a building and finds an M16 with some ammo, instead running and gunning and actively fighting others they will pick it up and go "ok now I need a scope for it and a helmet and a vest and some meds and boosters and a stock and a silencer etc etc" and ONLY after they loot all these items they are ready to fight. So what you get is at the beginning of the game, unless you are an active running and gunning player with that kind of mindset you will get absolutely stale gameplay running across the map and looting which in my experience takes up about 80% of a match. Although looting is an important aspect of any battle royale game, the primary focus of the game should be actively fighting each other and not looting! Even 20-30 minutes in people are still going to be looting beacuse of the extra little upgrades you can still get such as a level 3 vest compared to your level 1 or a silencer instead of a compensator etc, the wide variety of different items and modifications you can get has made people specifically go for and want to loot even more thus how the game is intentionally or unintentially primarily focusing the looting aspect of PUBG and giving people this looting mindset of disengaging from fights and finding more loot makes a stale match. This is what makes PUBG boring, a hiding and running looting fest, the only parts of an average match which I genuinely find exciting and fun is either in the final few circles where everyone is out there to find and fight each other which I admit really does get my adrenaline pumping or at the very beginning, landing in a highly populated area where there is an active threat and looting takes as a secondary focus. Unfortunately these heart pumping moments where I feel like im scared for my life only take up no more than 20% of the game if youre lucky, the rest of it is a boring, stale, unexciting loot fest.  Heres why fortnite is superior The looting system and the way people play Fortnite is much simplier and honestly so much more fun. This is because of the lack of items people deem necesarry to fight with. The moment you land in fortnite and you see a green shotgun for example (a relatively common item in the game) is all you need and your good to go and can literally run and gun around the area and engage in killing people with no problem. Sure there are other items in the game that can come in handy but not nearly as much as you would need in PUBG as you dont necessarily need a shield potion for the early game or even possibly end game of fortnite at all as I've won many matches without it and meds dont have nearly as much of a severe impact on the game as in PUBG as typically fights are much more close ranged giving bandaging up in fights almost futile. All you need in fornite is a decent gun and youre okay, no silencers, no scopes, no armour pieces, no bullsh*t.This is what makes a battle royale game fun. Side Cons of PUBG compared to Fortnite -PUBG is notoriously poorly optimised, even players with good PC's exceeding the system requirements have unenjoyable performance issues. Fortnite runs perfectly if you meet the system requirements.-PUBG is $40 NZD compared to Fortnite being free Side Pros of PUBG -Biggest Battle Royale Game out there, huge community almost everyone owns it so it can be a good conversation starter for those awkward moments irl if the other person has played or even heard of PUBG (likely)  :)-Turning in a questionable Esport??-Made my money back from selling crates although I owned the game for a while now when the Gamescom Crates came out and selling the normal cases at a higher price soo-Hard to think of many more pro's and con's :P leave comments down below of any and I can easily edit this post :)			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	141.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is G A R B A G E. First, lets start off with the fact that they do NOT review reports for bans. If you are reported, you will be banned without review and with no offical evidence behind their claims. Played 3 matches, logged off and go to log back on less than 24 hours later and I get a message stating I was banned. You reach out to their god awful support team, and they basically copy and paste a message telling you they have no way to unban you or view the match in which you received your ban from.Secondly, this game is the biggest cash grab to date. The game just left early access and has been ported to Xbox One WITHOUT EVEN BEING OPTIMIZED. Instead of focusing on fixing the broken gameplay and bugs, they just roll out a new map, car tweaks (which breaks the vehicles even more than before), and throw in more weapons which result in even more bugs. DON'T. WASTE. YOUR. MONEY.			
Posted: January 26	1	7	None	543	193.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's a great game if you play with friends, You will rage about simple things like... Not finding a vehicle in time, or some guy sneaking behind you.But the audio in the game is complete trash. Someone shoots infront of you and you have no idea where he is. Finding people who are shooting you, is this game's greatest challange.I rate this game 8/10			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	196.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12
												introduced paid keys for to unlock loot crates you've already saved XP for.Not to mention the absurd amount of hackers - you cant go a game without running into them, the last squad is almost allways hackers			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	178.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2017
												That new map sucks and its 1/100 chanse to get the previous map!!!!!! I want to play the old map, they must get us a chance to choose between maps.			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	444.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
												Millions of copies sold. Company has an ***-load of $$$$. Implements a crate you have to pay $2.00 for key to open.AS IF THEY DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY ALREADY!Seriously, how do you sleep at night, you ****, screw you BlueHole.Don't Recommend, it's laggy and not what you'd expect.			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	23.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								The amount of people being banned for "stream sniping" is unacceptable. I have seen friends get banned for "stream sniping" and I know for 100% sure they were not watching anyone's stream. So I guess in this game if you are a streamer you have special privillages to ban people who kill you. There is no point in playing this game if you're not streaming because players are not welcome in playerunknown's battle ground.			
Posted: January 26	0	7	None	543	904.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
												Instead of pumping out new content, how about fixing what you've already sold.I've played 2 matches while intermittently writing this short review; both times, killed by cheaters.This game had so much potential. I'm fully aware of the amount of time and effort needed to create and fix games like this, but when useless game features are being added instead of desperately needed anti-cheat, bug-fixes and performance improvements, it makes you wonder how the hell BlueHole even produced the beautiful PUBG in the first place.First 350 hours were solid and incredibly enjoyable.Latter 150... not so much.Until the cheaters are dealt with, it's a no from me.UPDATE: 150 Hours later.The game has only gotten worse.Server management is ABSOLUTELY disgraceful.Incredibly disappointed in the handling of PUBG. I've found the move into 1.0 absolutely disgusting considering the current state of the game.Totally happy to be receptive of negative occurances in early access, but this is a fully released game now.Not an enjoyable game to play overall, however considering the price and its current popularity, it is worth purchasing.			
Posted: January 27	1	7	None	208	203.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
												▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▀█▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▄░▒█▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▄▄ ▒█░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▄█▄ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█░░▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀▒█░░░ ▒█░░▒█ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░▒█▄▄█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▀█▀ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█▒█░░░ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▄█▄ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█			
Posted: January 27	0	7	None	208	656.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
												Bought this game while still in Early Acces back in March. I was so addicted to this game and I used to absolutely love it. Of course it had it's bugs etc. but at this moment some things just feel absolutely worse. A first big problem is the server lagg which makes me instantly quit but next to that the new map release wasn't that fun as I expected. I feel that the map is too big which results in too less action. You will get some occasional action but if you don't feel like running around for 10 minutes in between kills this won't be for you. Back on the first map 'Erangel' I encountered people so often what made it a lot more fun for me. I'm writing this on day of 1.0 release when desert map is like 90 percent of the time. I hope things change for the better in the future.			
Posted: January 27	1	7	None	208	164.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												Great idea, terrible execution. One of the worst netcodes in popular mutiplayer games, cheaters in almost every match, lack of optimisation and bugs that can ruin your match (like getting stuck on a parachute or being launched into the stratosphere while riding a bike) oh and microtransactions, of course (yes, they are cosmetic. But this is not a free-to-play game and in the end, getting the rarest cosmetic items is one of the end goals of the game). It's debatable but likely that the cheater problem is not being resolved by the developer because the game economy is dependent on things staying like they are, with huge numbers of players cheating to win as fast as possible, get crates and sell their contents. Game could be something great, but it's buried in issues. Only fun for messing around with your friends, if you're looking for a fair but challenging game, this is not it.			
Posted: January 27	0	7	None	208	1,149.6	Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								GOOD GAME!			
Posted: January 27	0	7	None	208	956.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								After new upadets there is way more lags now cant even play it			
Posted: January 27	1	7	None	208	23.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game offers nothing much  i dont think the price is corect  for such  poor content .Also it laggs alot and is not particular a streamline game			
Posted: January 27	1	7	None	208	208.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								stop falsely banning people for "harassing" streamerswhy add the horn if you're gonna ban people for using it			
Posted: January 27	0	7	None	208	618.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22
												I have put in quite a few hours into this game. Conceptually, i love it, getting that chicken dinner is one of the most satisfying feelings that you can get playing a video game. That has all come to an end however, and the management of this game is currently in a state of neglect bordering on idiocy. Chinese players are the dominant group on EVERY server, not just asia. Because most only speak chinese, it is now almost impossible to play a team game if you are queueing up alone, or with an unfull premade. Not only this, but they bring with them an aspect of their culture that it is somehow acceptable to cheat, and is simply considered a part of the game.This... Is... Bullsh*t. Many players have been asking to #RegionLockChina for a long time now, but Brendan Greene has refused to acknowledge the fact that this once amazing game is being ruined for nearly everyone else and has instead opted to turn this incident into some sort of social justice case. Battleye is banning an incredible amount of hackers, its true, but this is just the tip of the iceberg, i personally have just played three games in a row, all of which i have been (definitely) killed by a hacker. Whatever they are doing, it is not enough, as this game is no longer enjoyable at all and instead only makes me angry every time I attempt to play it.tldr: End this nonsense, get off your moral high-horse and Region Lock China. It's the only viable solution at this point.			
Posted: January 27	0	7	None	208	372.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												Let me start off by saying, PUBG itself is an amazing game. It's fun, its challenging as all hell, and there is no better rush I've gotten in a video game than that classic chicken dinner screen. However, at this point in time, it's complete cancer. The amount of hackers in a single videogame is psychotic, and the fact that PlayerUnknown refuses to fix it makes it worse. You can be running around having a good time looting, when from 1.5km away, some dude jumping up and down on a hill, spinning in circles, can hit you with 3 consecutive headshots from a sniper instantly killing you, and theres nothing you can do about it. Deathcams were a great addition, but they've only helped me see just how much cheating is going on in the game. People buying hackmods and switching servers just to completely trash the NA server and make it impossible to win is horrendous, In it's current state, the game is a battle to see who has the highest quality hackmod. There is no getting around it. And when PlayerUnknown himself is refusing to add a server/region lock to his game claiming that everyone who plays is it racist and "xenophobic" there is seemingly no hope, because the founder doesn't want to change it. I've had multiple friends uninstall because of just how BS the game has become. It was once amazing, and I beg that it returns to its former glory, but right now, it's not worth wasting money on.P.S.PUBG corps, PlayerUnknown, we aren't xenophobic, I just want a game that I can enjoy again. Me getting upset at fully automatic no recoil SKS's from the top of a hill is not xenophobia. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I emplore you to play your own game and see just how bad it's become for yourself.			
Posted: January 27	0	7	None	208	271.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 14
												Game is awesome, but like all other survival games, it has a major issue with cheating, and like many FPS, the desync is outragouse. Due to the amount of cheating that goes on, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	83.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2017
												This game was great at its beginning. Now, servers lagging like crazy, a lot of bugs unfixed and even removing the Jump-crouch the users found without given them an alternative supposedly beeing worked on LOL.This game has become a money grab type of gameSo sad....EDIT: Game is ready for e-sport and still works like garbage, This game is overrated like never seen before....			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	575.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've been waiting to see what the developer does with all the fame.  I'm very unimpressed.  Regression should be the name of this game.  I have seen nothing of substance released other than a way for teh dev to make more money.  The bugs are countless, and yes I know this is early access.  Bugs shouldn't re-appear.  When you have in your devlog that a bug has been fixed and it hasn't, it leaves the customers wondering... "What HAVE they actually done?"  I've enjoyed many hours of this game, many months ago, and feel I have gotten my money's-worth, but I can't just in good conscience recommend this game to anyone.  Maybe after the developers finish the game I will return, but its unlikely.  The concept is what drew me to the game, but with one map and NO variables (outside some awful "weather" modifications), this game gets boring quickly.  OH and the fact that you cant shoot through 1" of wood makes the game a nightmare to play.  Full of hackers and run by a team of weak developers, I'm not sure what the future will bring for this game.  I would love to update this review in the future when the game is polished, but at this point I would rather live in a dumpster than play another minute of this trash.			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	586.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4
												Good game. Poor players. Region lock chinese			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												Hackers, Asian players taking over american servers, and network lag all make this game unplayable for me. Use the money and fix the  damn issues first before putting out new maps.....			
Posted: October 3, 2017	2	7	None	63	496.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
												was a great game to play with the guys. Till all these ♥♥♥♥ing hakcers came more and more out of the wood work....sad			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	244.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 16
												The game's no fun if you're just dying to hackers.			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	687.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
												Chinese Hackers, bad optimization and bugs in every update.Fix it Bluehole pls.			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	357.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17
												TOO MUCH CHEATERTOO MUCH CHINESETOO MUCH BUGMAKE IT REGION LOCK FOR CHINESE PLEASE!!!!DONT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL HAVE REGION LOCK FOR CHINESE			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	1,788.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17
												Okay, so after 1.000 hours of playtime, I' gonna give my review.The idea behind the game is very good and addictive, so addictive in fact, that it took me less than a year to get to a thousand hours in-game. With that said, I wouldn't recommend the game, if you're looking for a "fair fight" or a game that is highly determined by players' skill. Skill of course helps, sure, but there is just SO much luck involved in winning early and late game fights. Early game is pretty much a coin flip. It often comes down to if you find a decent weapon quickly. Late game you need some luck with the zone, but good movement and smart decisions are a factor, too. In general, there is too much luck involved for this game to become an E-Sport in my opinion. Look, all the big popular E-Sports are solely skill-based and have little to no "luck factor".Another hot topic for me is how the devs handle their game. The game STILL has countless bugs, crashes and glitches that hinder a nice experience. Some of them have been prevalent for more than half a year, but are still not fixed. But for the devs it seemed to be much more important to push the game out of early access and implement microtransactions rather than releasing a polished product. And why the heck is there no skill-based matchmaking? Matching bad playrers (K/D below 1) against aim-gods seems unneccessarily unfair. Some matchmaking based on the K/D or killrating would be very welcome. Maybe that way, cheaters would end up playing against cheaters, who knows...By the way, regions should be locked completely. Not only China, but all of 'em. Every region gets to play on their respective servers without the option to choose other servers. TL;DR: wait till the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together or until it is on sale.			
Posted: October 3, 2017	0	7	None	63	28.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21
												Do you dislike money, get this game. The company doesn't care about the game or you as a customer, all they want is your money. They wont fix any problems you might have, unoptimization, cheaters, etc. The only thing they want to do with this game that had great potential is add more ways that they can take your money.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	1	7	None	31	23.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game offers nothing much  i dont think the price is corect  for such  poor content .Also it laggs alot and is not particular a streamline game			
Posted: August 24, 2017	1	7	None	31	208.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								stop falsely banning people for "harassing" streamerswhy add the horn if you're gonna ban people for using it			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	618.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22
												I have put in quite a few hours into this game. Conceptually, i love it, getting that chicken dinner is one of the most satisfying feelings that you can get playing a video game. That has all come to an end however, and the management of this game is currently in a state of neglect bordering on idiocy. Chinese players are the dominant group on EVERY server, not just asia. Because most only speak chinese, it is now almost impossible to play a team game if you are queueing up alone, or with an unfull premade. Not only this, but they bring with them an aspect of their culture that it is somehow acceptable to cheat, and is simply considered a part of the game.This... Is... Bullsh*t. Many players have been asking to #RegionLockChina for a long time now, but Brendan Greene has refused to acknowledge the fact that this once amazing game is being ruined for nearly everyone else and has instead opted to turn this incident into some sort of social justice case. Battleye is banning an incredible amount of hackers, its true, but this is just the tip of the iceberg, i personally have just played three games in a row, all of which i have been (definitely) killed by a hacker. Whatever they are doing, it is not enough, as this game is no longer enjoyable at all and instead only makes me angry every time I attempt to play it.tldr: End this nonsense, get off your moral high-horse and Region Lock China. It's the only viable solution at this point.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	372.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
												Let me start off by saying, PUBG itself is an amazing game. It's fun, its challenging as all hell, and there is no better rush I've gotten in a video game than that classic chicken dinner screen. However, at this point in time, it's complete cancer. The amount of hackers in a single videogame is psychotic, and the fact that PlayerUnknown refuses to fix it makes it worse. You can be running around having a good time looting, when from 1.5km away, some dude jumping up and down on a hill, spinning in circles, can hit you with 3 consecutive headshots from a sniper instantly killing you, and theres nothing you can do about it. Deathcams were a great addition, but they've only helped me see just how much cheating is going on in the game. People buying hackmods and switching servers just to completely trash the NA server and make it impossible to win is horrendous, In it's current state, the game is a battle to see who has the highest quality hackmod. There is no getting around it. And when PlayerUnknown himself is refusing to add a server/region lock to his game claiming that everyone who plays is it racist and "xenophobic" there is seemingly no hope, because the founder doesn't want to change it. I've had multiple friends uninstall because of just how BS the game has become. It was once amazing, and I beg that it returns to its former glory, but right now, it's not worth wasting money on.P.S.PUBG corps, PlayerUnknown, we aren't xenophobic, I just want a game that I can enjoy again. Me getting upset at fully automatic no recoil SKS's from the top of a hill is not xenophobia. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I emplore you to play your own game and see just how bad it's become for yourself.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	271.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 14
												Game is awesome, but like all other survival games, it has a major issue with cheating, and like many FPS, the desync is outragouse. Due to the amount of cheating that goes on, I cannot recommend this game to anyone.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	1,149.6	Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								GOOD GAME!			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	468.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19
												too many hackers and alot of issues that are not fixed			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	266.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
												Pre: I did not write this review. I just agree with it so much i felt it needed to be thrown at devs.Credit goes to Boltwire:I've encountered this game just like 99,9% of it's player-base did, by watching Twitch streams and youtube videos.Being something relatively new in the multiplayer scene (THAT ACTUALLY HAD A MASSIVE PLAYER-BASE), I managed to talk few of my friends into playing it.I'm not going to lie, we've spent hundreds of hours on it.That was until the official release of 1.0Keep in mind that we're talking about previously most played game in the world at some point, a game which brought it's developers millions (if not 10 digit numbers), and as any sane person, you'd expect that it will be poured into further development and fixes, right?LOL wrong. We're talking about Bluehole here.You really have to be next level special in order to stumble upon a gold mine, and then proceed to blow it up and cave it in. They had everything, massive FREE ADVERTISEMENT (NOTE: FREE > NOT REQUIRED TO PAY FOR) in a form of Twitch streamers and YouTube content creators, insane ACTIVE player-base, a product that's close to being 1.0 ready... Everything.They got money, they got everything. And what do they do?:In game purchases.It's disgusting seeing that someone who had all the foundation required to make a masterpiece ignore all that and just attempts to drain more money from players.They rushed the 1.0 to be able to implement in-game purchases, and instead of actually WORKING on it, what do they do? More platforms.Not only that none of the platforms performed remotely well, they completely ignored that fact and started working on more crates and more in-game purchases.Since I could go about this all day long, and considering I'm actually rating a game here and not it's thirsty developer, I'll focus on it now:Pros:- Fast queue times due to high player-base,- SOLID graphics.- Good ballistics (Sniper and AR bullet drop)Cons:- Fully released game with performance of an early-alpha game.- HACKERS, HACKERS EVERYWHERE! My God, I've played so many games, but I've never encountered a game with so many hackers in it. Nearly every game contains at least 2-3 hackers, which at this point don't even try hiding it. Bluehole is doing nothing to fix this issue despite saying they are. Over the time, I've seen NO improvements in this domain.- Countless game breaking bugs (getting killed by nothing when vaulting, getting stuck in thin air while landing resulting in getting killed, reloading sometimes doesn't reload your weapon at all resulting in getting killed...)- HORRIBLE performance issues (High end PC users can be happy if they hit constant 60fps on medium-high settings at all times)- Hilarous netcode. So many instances when you get killed by someone who didn't even have a line of sight, constant stuttering, 60%+ fail rate of reconnecting to the game in case of a disconnect.- Horrible bullet detection system (this one mostly affects Shotguns)- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design. This one is a great issue mostly focused on the Miramar map. They forced a new map which is massive in terms of size, but ironically has least content, least quality looting area, a MASSIVE LACK of vehicles considering the proportions of the map (mostly resulting in you playing a running simulator for about 20 minutes and ending up getting killed by someone who had luck with the initial safe zone). Even though the original map is better, they still need to prevent bridge camping which makes the game impossible if you had bad luck with initial looting and safe zone.- Performance bugs and glitches. Here, I don't aim for graphics and design glitches, I am talking about glitches which straight-up make you lose games. For instance, since the latest patch, I can no longer run for more than 3 seconds without my character stopping for no obvious reason. (And no, this isn't caused by my internet connection or my PC, it's a common issue nowadays) - I will stop with Cons for now since there's only so much time I can waste on this review. But yes, there are way more.################Bottom line, if you haven't already bought this game: DO NOT. Save your money. There are better alternatives if you're just taking up a new game, and they're even free to play. They don't have some of the mechanics PUBG has, and that's a shame, but at least they're optimized. Keep in mind that this game requires over the average PC to even be able to start the game, let alone play it properly.MESSAGE TO THE DEVELOPERS:If by any chance SOME of the brainiacs with influence in development actually take time and look through reviews for constructive criticism: Stop bullying Epic Games just because they did a better game than you did. How can you be such sore losers if your business logic is to sue someone just for delivering a better product?Instead of suing them, focus on your own game. You wouldn't lose any players if you just fixed your god damn game. I tried playing Fortnite, and I disliked it, but I am going to quit PUBG if things don't change, as I'm no longer able to enjoy the game. It's common sense that just one guy ranting here wont mean a thing to you, but I'm just one of the many who share this opinion. If anything, WE should be the ones getting compensated from YOU for failing to deliver a proper product which we paid for. Just imagine buying a Ferrari (Which you probably did with the money which obviously wasn't poured into additional development) and you're presented with a Ferrari which runs on a Prius engine. You'd obviously be mad as hell and demand your money back...This is not a dead game yet, there's still time to fix it, but not the way you're running things.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	149.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 8
												It was fun, had a chance to be better, and maybe the best BR game. But they got greedy. They are more interested in squeezing every last penny out of your pockets while they can instead of fixing this game to make it better. Vote with your wallet people, do not buy this game.			
Posted: August 24, 2017	0	7	None	31	386.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17
												This game has incredible potential. However this game has so many issues including but not limited to .5 to 1 second peakers advantage, full autos hit registration, HACKERS GALORE, and optimization issues. I think if they focus more about creating a game rather than marketing things such as there movie and sueing people they might make some progress on creating a better experience. Don't get me wrong the game has come a long way since it's release but the fact that they aren't releasing solid updates anymore and creating more content rather than fixing coding and making the game a more playable and competive experience makes me not want to play this game sometimes. I know many players feel frusturated when they die across the map from a hacker or they shoot a guy die to him watch the death cam and see that none of thier bullets hit the person. The game needs so much help and It's disturbing the shear lack of progress being made towards improving the game. I will still play the game but honestly cannot reccomend it to anyone until these issues start being adressed because they want this to be an epsort. It is not esport ready and the fact that other people can make simialair games with as many people and not have nearly as much lag shows that Bluehole needs to get there **** together and start making there game better.			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	69.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								I want to play.....i cant play. So laggy.			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	300.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Allthough this game is extremely fun and vey enjoyable it has a crazy amount of issues that alot of people experience and tbh it ruins the game. My major issue is the buildings taking literally 5 mins to render, in this time you can do literally nothing and serve as a free kill this is EXTREMELY infuriating and has been an issue since day one of lauch and still nothing being done or even said by the devs regarding this. The next issue is major frame studders i go from solid 130 fps to 2 fps at completely random times but mainly when i scope in, this is a game breaking bug and almost everyone i play with experiences it. I wouldnt be putting this review at not reccomend as i do really enjoy the game but when at the start of every round i have to wait 5 mins and hide or run to not get killed i cant help but be extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ please devs do something about this.Oh yea also welcome to camping simulator.for those who will just be saying i have a♥♥♥♥♥♥setupI54690k @4.2Ghzgtx970 4gb16gb 1866 Mhz ramand the games running off a samsung ssd			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	83.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2017
												This game was great at its beginning. Now, servers lagging like crazy, a lot of bugs unfixed and even removing the Jump-crouch the users found without given them an alternative supposedly beeing worked on LOL.This game has become a money grab type of gameSo sad....EDIT: Game is ready for e-sport and still works like garbage, This game is overrated like never seen before....			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	575.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've been waiting to see what the developer does with all the fame.  I'm very unimpressed.  Regression should be the name of this game.  I have seen nothing of substance released other than a way for teh dev to make more money.  The bugs are countless, and yes I know this is early access.  Bugs shouldn't re-appear.  When you have in your devlog that a bug has been fixed and it hasn't, it leaves the customers wondering... "What HAVE they actually done?"  I've enjoyed many hours of this game, many months ago, and feel I have gotten my money's-worth, but I can't just in good conscience recommend this game to anyone.  Maybe after the developers finish the game I will return, but its unlikely.  The concept is what drew me to the game, but with one map and NO variables (outside some awful "weather" modifications), this game gets boring quickly.  OH and the fact that you cant shoot through 1" of wood makes the game a nightmare to play.  Full of hackers and run by a team of weak developers, I'm not sure what the future will bring for this game.  I would love to update this review in the future when the game is polished, but at this point I would rather live in a dumpster than play another minute of this trash.			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	586.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4
												Good game. Poor players. Region lock chinese			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												Hackers, Asian players taking over american servers, and network lag all make this game unplayable for me. Use the money and fix the  damn issues first before putting out new maps.....			
Posted: September 25, 2017	2	7	None	319	496.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
												was a great game to play with the guys. Till all these ♥♥♥♥ing hakcers came more and more out of the wood work....sad			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	244.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 16
												The game's no fun if you're just dying to hackers.			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	687.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
												Chinese Hackers, bad optimization and bugs in every update.Fix it Bluehole pls.			
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	7	None	319	357.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17
												TOO MUCH CHEATERTOO MUCH CHINESETOO MUCH BUGMAKE IT REGION LOCK FOR CHINESE PLEASE!!!!DONT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL HAVE REGION LOCK FOR CHINESE			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	1,788.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17
												Okay, so after 1.000 hours of playtime, I' gonna give my review.The idea behind the game is very good and addictive, so addictive in fact, that it took me less than a year to get to a thousand hours in-game. With that said, I wouldn't recommend the game, if you're looking for a "fair fight" or a game that is highly determined by players' skill. Skill of course helps, sure, but there is just SO much luck involved in winning early and late game fights. Early game is pretty much a coin flip. It often comes down to if you find a decent weapon quickly. Late game you need some luck with the zone, but good movement and smart decisions are a factor, too. In general, there is too much luck involved for this game to become an E-Sport in my opinion. Look, all the big popular E-Sports are solely skill-based and have little to no "luck factor".Another hot topic for me is how the devs handle their game. The game STILL has countless bugs, crashes and glitches that hinder a nice experience. Some of them have been prevalent for more than half a year, but are still not fixed. But for the devs it seemed to be much more important to push the game out of early access and implement microtransactions rather than releasing a polished product. And why the heck is there no skill-based matchmaking? Matching bad playrers (K/D below 1) against aim-gods seems unneccessarily unfair. Some matchmaking based on the K/D or killrating would be very welcome. Maybe that way, cheaters would end up playing against cheaters, who knows...By the way, regions should be locked completely. Not only China, but all of 'em. Every region gets to play on their respective servers without the option to choose other servers. TL;DR: wait till the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together or until it is on sale.			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	1,317.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
												Came across with hackers for the last two weeks within every last circle. Cheaters don't try to hide they cheat because there is no sanction by Blueball. Even there is any result, it's probably banning couple of cheaters and let them buy the game again so the company can get richer.BTW, you can't enable Discord overlay because it's not whitelisted by Blueball and it's considered cheating by BattlEye. LMAO.Still not good.			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	256.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
												These idiots now make you pay for crates.  A few hours ago they were free, now they give you a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t credits and now force you to pay to open stuff. Wtf are they doing? First your stupid game isnt fully release and has bugs left right and center and now the little bit of reward you get from it, they decide to take that from you. God damn early access games, give your god damn head a shake!			
Posted: February 17	3	7	None	196	310.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 19
												You have to buy a key to read this review.Spoiler alert, it ain't good.			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	191.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												PUBG is what happens when you have a good concept for a game executed by mediocre developers. Bugs, absurd amounts of hackers, terrible optimization, and GREED. The loot box crates were a sign of things to come, and their inclusion in a 30 dollar game rubbed a lot of people the wrong way. It got worse though, as they just kept adding them and now have introduced a battle pass similar to Fortnite's, but worse because FORTNITE IS FREE. Blueball's knows the game is gonna die compared to the heights it was once at, and will try to suck every last cent out of it they can over the course of the next year. Disgusting. They aren't a talented enough studio with a good enough game to be this greedy.			
Posted: February 17	1	7	None	196	168.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27
												When a meme free game gets more players than your game because they actually update it every week and not once every 2 months just to add weapon skins and not fix your game.			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	155.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18
												I really like playing this game, no matter how much stress it causes me. But I have a very big issue, NA servers. I either have two choices, play with players that can zoom across the map, shoot across the map through walls and grounds, basically, a cheater infested mess(as of the recent update, they're implementing more anti-cheat measures, a good step, recovery takes time, but this Chinese invasion of NA servers is still very present), or play on EU servers or others with 200+ ping and be at a consistent disadvantage. The devs do not actually care for the player base, too, evidence is that they added in crates in the game-when promised they will not have them until after early access, they ran advertisements on Chinese clients on PUBG for a VPN service (source), then Player unknown (AKA Brendan Greene) has the audicity to call his player base as 'xenophobics' for saying that Chinese players are causing a problem, which if you think playing in server where more than half the players have above 500 ping in a FPS game(along with statistics from their anti-cheat system saying majority of banned players are chinese-source), then I'm not sure of what to tell you. I don't recommend this game until the devs get a sense on how to treat their consumers, obviously they do not care at all because, well, we're already giving them money so why should they? Unless their source of money starts to fade, they'll stay in this area of "Who really cares about the consumers? They'll pay us for anything at this point, the idiots." type of mindset. It hurts me to think that Player Unknown kind of sees us (Not definite, but deduction of given evidence) this way, but you can't hope for problems to be fixed if you don't attempt much. It's a fun game, I enjoy it. I don't recommend more people to get this game though, try the alternatives first and see if you like this style of a game, and maybe wait until the PUBG corp shows that they really do care for us.You can search my points I made and there should be articles that I originated them from.I most likely made some errors in logic or grammar.*edited an error in parantheses and replaced a statement			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	1,071.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 23
												I have been a massive fan of this game and do still enjoy the gameplay, with over 800 hours of gameplay.However, it seems that the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their community, and despite having a fairly hefty price tag, they run it like a cash grabbing F2P game.I am all for them charging money to unlock the special streamer/parachute skins outright, but they have gone well beyond that with their greed.There has always been the issue with locked crates.-BP Crates, you often get locked crates with no other way to earn a key than paying $2.50 per key! you can't even buy keys with BP or earn them with chicken dinners. Even a daily log in rewards system with 1-2 keys a week would work in my opinion.The biggest slap in the face however is the new levelling system.YOU HAVE TO PAY $10USD to actually recieve levelling rewards?!?!?!?! for a game I have already paid $40 AUSD to play.You also can't claim mission completion rewards without paying for the pass.What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.With the massive amount of battle royale games being released, you'd think the Devs would want to reward their playerbase, not spit in their faces.The Devs seem focussed on rapidly adding things to the cash store while their game remains plagued with hackers and bugs. 
Posted: February 17	2	7	None	196	3,209.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								TOO MUCH HACKER, PLS BAN CHINA			
Posted: February 17	0	7	None	196	826.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
												This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing great, I mean once you start to drop bodies on bodies and reach a high skill level, it rewards you with cheaters, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game.			
