Posted: April 27	52	907	None	482	118.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 27
												H1Z1 is a dead game, murdered by it’s own developers.I’m not here to demand my money back. This game was once fun a full of promise so I have no problem with the fact that I paid full price for it. You see, that’s how it’s supposed to go. Early access is a kind of a system where gamers support a clearly unfinished product out of the love for games and the developers in turn honor that support by trying to use those funds to better the product as well as they possibly can.This is not what happened with H1Z1.Daybreak noticed way too early that pushing out ridiculous amounts of items gave them a nice extra revenue, not only from crate/key sales but also from gamers juggling those items back and forth at the marketplace (yes, they get a cut).The shift from building an interesting game to building a moneymaking machine was clear as day. Instead of bettering the game, updates concentrated on how to get more players to play → buy crates → buy and sell items. The lack of love is so apparent in the development of this game that it leaves me and all my friends wondering if the developers are actually gamers themselves at all.I got this game very soon after the launch and played regularly over the years. I watched a fun functional game turn into a monotonic mess. Let’s look at the changes / functions closer:Normal Battle Royale:- When the game first got out, it had a good interesting map with a lot of foliage and natural formations. This allowed players to have more than one strategy. This is the only time when the items they sold were useful because you could actually take advantage of things like camo. Soon the developers cut the map’s size, removed almost all the interesting places and pretty much all the foliage. This was no doubt a way to cater to an audience with cheaper computers. The end result is horrible: nothing but open level fields without foliage or even rocks to take cover behind. In a way it looks like a 12 year old’s first attempt at making a map in Unity using nothing but free store assets. The map looks unprofessional and is boring to play in.- Let’s mention this again. There is only 1 map.- Guns used to feel steady. Now the recoil is like everyone is missing an arm. As someone who has handled multiple different firearms in her life I can tell that it doesn’t work like this.- The original way of fighting but also having to worry about the location of the safe zone was more interesting and actually required some brains to do. Now they added all sorts of ease-of-access map markers to make sure anyone with 50IQ or less can just spawn into the safe zone and pew pew pew / repeat.- There’s only one way to play. Because of the emptiness of the map and the safe zone always concentrating on an open level field, the only way to survive is to get a car and keep moving. On foot you never have a place to hide behind and end up being shot down in seconds by someone with a car. This wasn’t the case before, using a car was only one of the multiple ways you could approach winning the match.- Cheaters. This problem got a lot worse after the game went ftp.- Desync.- Annoying things like grenade blasts and gas grenade gas passing walls / floors.- Again, cars. They used to be rare. This was nice because it forced people to play in more than just one way. Now cars are literally everywhere, it takes less than a minute for a 5-person team to have a vehicle for every person.- People don’t play. Trying to play fives after 1AM in EU is borderline impossible because the lobby has less than 5 teams.Car Royale:Note that this would be a really fun mode if it actually worked.- Desync.- Getting stuck on walls / railings.- Duos never available.- Takes forever to start a match.- Impossible to start a match after 1AM due to no-one playing this game.- A griefer’s heaven. Why? There is no vote kick or any way to lock a spot on your team. If you have the misfortune to not actually have 4 people available to play, you are at the mercy of the 1 random person who gets matched with your team forcibly. This one person has a multitude of ways to screw over the team: stealing all healing items, using molotovs to set your own team’s car on fire, using grenades to hurt your own team’s car, using mines to hurt your own team, using the crossbow or the rpg to hurt your own team or (and this is the best part) getting angry over not getting a special weapon like the crossbow and taking the ammo into his own inventory even if someone else has the crossbow. Note that the person who actually has the weapon cannot take the ammo into their own inventory and use it, only the ones without the weapon can take it and make it unavailable for the person who has it. If the randomer ends up as the driver he has plenty of new ways to troll. These people are more common than you’d think and seem to be playing this mode solely for this purpose.- The unwinnable match. If you play 10 matches, about 3-4 out of those matches are unwinnable by default. Not because of the skill of your team but because of the system not registering the destruction of a team if they have a 2000ping ftp player connecting while they died. This leads to you being alone in the safe zone with no-one to kill, yet the system says there is still one person/team alive besides you.- The 2000 ping players. Again, there is no vote kick or any way to get this person off your team. If you play with 2 friends 8 times out of 10 your last team mate is this person. Why is it a problem then? I’ll tell you. After you spawn, you need to change the driver if your team has a person that always drives. But if someone is still connecting, you cannot change the seats. Odds are you end up driving around half the match with the randomer still connecting. Again one of those awesome things brought to us by making the game ftp.- The quality of the player base. I didn’t mention this on the normal Battle Royale because it’s not a bother there but in Car Royale it is. Team games are a great way to meet new gamers like yourself, make friends and hone your teamwork skills. This game has nothing but ftp players left. This means people without steam profiles, microphones, teamwork skills or even the ability to connect into the match.The game has been going downhill for a long time due to many of the reasons I’ve stated above and people have spoken out. Just look at the reviews (even before the game went ftp).And how does Daybreak answer the gamers? By reverting back to the old map? No. By changing the shooting mechanics back to how they used to be? No. They answer by releasing more items. And crates. And hoodies that cost 16 euros. And Weapon skins that cost 10 euros. Daybreak will never get another cent from me. Disrespecting your own game and your player base like this is like disrespecting the entire gamer culture. Gamers can see when a developer develops for the money and not for the love of the game. And this is why this game is dead. Time to move on.
Posted: April 27	332	2404	None	482	13.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												WARNING DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT IS GOING TO BE FREE TO PLAY IN NOT TO LONG, JUST WAIT FOR THAT
Posted: April 27	72	495	None	482	55.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
 Alright, here we ♥♥♥♥ing goWhat I'll say is just the same perspective you've seen alot around here... just in different words. Basically H1Z1 (the Battle Royale edition, I'll skip the whole game and dev splits in between) was the first battle royale around. People enjoyed it and it was overall a good time. Buggy but alpha and betas exist for a reason, right?Fast forward a bit and PUBG is announced and released and booms the BR market. Later Epic gives a free BR mode to their survival game Fortnite (also in beta, it performs like a charm and was/is extremely enjoyable, still getting updates extremely regularly).While H1 was around and before PUBG was released what did Daybreak (the devs) do?Push out little updates every 4-6 months, such updates that were NOT worthy of the time they took to come out.After PUBG and Fortnite appear what did Daybreak do?Push out big updates (mostly cosmetic) and completely reworking both gun mechanics and vehicle mechanics (which only needed tweaks, not ♥♥♥♥ing reworks) into what is now the 3rd gun mechanic rework that no one ♥♥♥♥ing asked for. This shows H1 could compete in the BR market with the big boys again! Support the game! Hell yeah!Updates that didn't bring anything good to the game, ♥♥♥♥ yea...wait, what?Anyway, couple months later, the unoptimized, cosmetic filled, money grabbing H1Z1 is announced to go out of early access, aiming at a very good perspective for the future of the game, with constant support and updates from the developers.http://steamcommunity.com/games/433850/announcements/detail/1673522637761530036This release was last weekOne week later (yesterday), what I will consider as an "emergency announcement" is given by Daybreak:"Guys, H1Z1 is out and our future perspectives dictate that F2P is the way to go. Sorry for the buyers of the fully functional release, you can refund according to steam's refund policy"http://steamcommunity.com/games/433850/announcements/detail/1675775070302263191So get this♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is out and gets a huge publicity stunt, facebook, media articles, steam banners, etc. It's out! People will buy it more since there is alot of people who only buy the game upon release, Daybreak got a very likely boost in sales. Logic dictates one plays the game once it's bought, and according to steam's refund policy: if you exceed 2 hours of steam play time... the refund is no longer eligible.Do you see where I'm going with this? So they release this (still) unoptimized, broken and ALPHA-STATE WORTHY game and day 7 release the Free to Play announcement and make it F2P THE DAY IT'S ANNOUNCED!! And people who bought it during this week and played little over 2 hours (which is about 4 matches) can't refund it. Excellent!!"Well, I'm sure the compensation for people who bought it is rewarding enough, especially those who were with the game since it's very birth (3 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS AGO)"We (I mean every buyer with "We") got a hat, a shirt (not even good ones), a car camo, 10 of the newest crates (and if you get good valuable items to sell and try to refund your game through this "plan B",  you can't sell them cuz...  unmarketable) and 10K skulls (a currency) which allows you to buy about... nothing.One dev said in the community hub "Hey - we can't control your luck of the day, but at least you have a few other free skins to enjoy!"People must feel so happy they paid 20€ for the final product of their game to be this. Some free skins. Yay.Oh and I mentioned the 10K skulls. So get this, with those skulls, you can buy: about a mix of 3-5 clothing pieces depending on which ones you buy, a car camo or an unlocked crate + 1 skin.Wow, so much value. So much appreciation for all the support, love and suggestions we gave you throughout the game's lifespan, Daybreak.So the grave was set, the nails were locked, they just needed to drop the hammer. F2P dropped the hammer. You compensated your loyal playerbase with ♥♥♥♥-all. You gave F2P users a broken game that barely runs, not even my GTX1060 can run this at 60 FPS at all times. AutoRoyale (their "innovative" mode which is essentially the same but locked inside a car) doesn't even hit 60FPS at all.(And before you argue bottleneck I have an i7 7700k)And don't forget. What would F2P users play? A game that is in absolute no way better than Fortnite for the same price... or Fortnite? We get a pistol, 2 AR's, a shotgun, a sniper, an SMG and 2 bows. Some weapons were even removed! Other BR's can get upwards of 15+ weapons!!But wait!You can reward yourself with the Edition Packs! Bronze, Silver and Gold all give skins and crates for you to open and get your mass supply of cool skins!EXCEPT THE PACKS ARE 20, 45 and 93 (NINETY ♥♥♥♥ING THREE) EUROS!!!http://store.steampowered.com/app/820442/H1Z1_Gold_LIMITED_EDITION_Battle_Royale_Pack/LOOK AT THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, WOULD YOU PAY 93 EUROS FOR THIS? You can get Witcher 3 COMPLETE GOTY EDITION + Fallout 4 GOTY EDITION FOR THE SAME PRICE. You can buy 3 copies of PUBG for this price!!!!! EDIT: these packs were misteriously removed out of nowhere from the stores. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯And before you insult me for being a self entitled ♥♥♥♥ wanting a refund... I don't want a refund, never did and never will. I can't get anyways, but it's been so long since I bought it, I kind of don't care anymore.I payed 50,99€ for BRINK back in 2011 ON RELEASE. And I DEFENDED it's F2P model introduced in 2017. 6 years vs. 3 years. It honestly doesn't matter. BRINK is a full game. You get the story, multiplayer and skins all for free through the standard play everyone did back in 2011. The DLC's existed since 2012 and are cheap cosmetic aside from Agents of Change.But this... this... there is no middle finger big enough from Daybreak to consumers and from us to them as well. All aboard the big middle finger convention! So, what do you want, then? Not another single soul give this game a try, or even dare to buy a single skin from this game, at all, AT ALL. And for the rest of playerbase let this die by leaving and playing♥♥♥♥♥♥that is actually worth playing, like Fortnite and, even if totally ♥♥♥♥ed up in it's full release, PUBG (which is still miles away better).I won't do the usual Pros and Cons ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, all pros this has are present in PUBG and Fortnite as well. All cons... PUBG and Fortnite have about 20% of such cons, if that many at all.A cashgrab through and through, the biggest slap in the face of the year and that I ever got. I've seen shady♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this level is astronomic, not even Aliens: Colonial Marines, Rome 2, BRINK were this ♥♥♥♥ed up.Don't even dare download this, just don't. Play Fortnite, it costs the same and it's made with love and care and not the most cluter♥♥♥♥ed business practises I've seen.
Posted: April 27	45	521	None	482	17.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 26
												H1Z1 Timeline: Early Access game Released on Jan 15, 2015 for $20. (Keep this in mind.) People loved it, and it got support.(Sidenote: It goes all downhill from here. Yea. Pretty quick right?) Devs made their BR mode a higher priority instead of their main survival mode (You know, the main draw to the game? Yea. Pretty smart right?) Fast foward. In October 2017, the Devs split the one game into two separate games. (Sure! just split the playerbase in half! they'll still support us! Also, lets make each game $20 while we're at it so we can maybe make more money off this quickly dying game!) Devs rebrand both games so many times it's hard to keep track. (Great for marketing btw). Both games suffered from less people working on them due to less people working on them. Daybreak gives up with communicating with their community. (The only people who still like their game). Games such as Fortnite and PUBG came out which took almost every person away from H1Z1. Daybreak came to the conclusion that they were dying. So what do they do? On February 28, 2018, they made the $20 game, that so many people bought, free.Oh, you thought that's where it ended? yikes! you won't like what you read next. August 24, 2018, the devs for the game "Just Survive" (THE ORIGINAL GAME) announce that the game will be discontinued and taken off of steam. The game was never finished and is still in early access. Also, I can't get my refund.FInal Words: I supported Daybreak by purchasing their $20 game. It got split to make more money. One of the games became free, which makes me feel I got scammed. And to top all off, the original game mode is now discontinued and I can't play it even if I wanted to. I paid $20 for actually nothing. Seriously. Never buying a game from Daybreak again. Also, did I mention I can't get refund? 
Posted: April 27	67	539	None	482	3.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 22
												H1Z1 Timeline:Early Access game Released on Jan 15, 2015 for $20. (Keep this in mind.)People loved it, and it got support.(Sidenote: It goes all downhill from here. Yea. Pretty quick right?)Devs made their BR mode a higher priority instead of their main survival mode (You know, the main draw to the game? Yea. Pretty smart right?)Fast foward. In October 2017, the Devs split the one game into two separate games. (Sure! just split the playerbase in half! they'll still support us! Also, lets make each game $20 while we're at it so we can maybe make more money off this quickly dying game!)Devs rebrand both games so many times it's hard to keep track. (Great for marketing btw).Both games suffered from less people working on them due to less people working on them.Daybreak gives up with communicating with their community. (The only people who still like their game).Games such as Fortnite and PUBG came out which took almost every person away from H1Z1.Daybreak came to the conclusion that they were dying. So what do they do? On February 28, 2018, they made the $20 game, that so many people bought, free.Oh, you thought that's where it ended? yikes! you won't like what you read next.August 24, 2018, the devs for the game "Just Survive" (THE ORIGINAL GAME) announce that the game will be discontinued and taken off of steam. The game was never finished and is still in early access. Also, I can't get my refund.FInal Words: I supported Daybreak by purchasing their $20 game. It got split to make more money. One of the games became free, which makes me feel I got scammed. And to top all off, the original game mode is now discontinued and I can't play it even if I wanted to. I paid $20 for actually nothing. Seriously. Never buying a game from Daybreak again. Also, did I mention I can't get refund?
Posted: April 27	98	1920	None	482	177.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Never have I seen a game fall so far down than H1Z1. This game used to be fun, amazingly fun infact. The hit reg was bearable, the guns felt great and the lighting was great. H1Z1 was the #1 battle royale game for quite sometime.This games worst enemy is its own developers, Daybreak games have ruined what this great game once was. With the additon of the combat update, the gun play and recoil was drasitcally changed for its core guns which left a lot of veteran players infuriated. To give a clear analogy to how bad this recoil change was:Counter Strike (starting from 1.6) has had a VERY similar if not the exact same recoil pattern for the AK-47 for more than a decade and a half. All the core players have got this on lock giving the game a much higher skill gap. Imagine if Valve suddenly decided to completely change the AK-47 spray pattern with no logical reasoning? The outrage would be immense. Daybreak are trying to re invent this game into something that it shouldnt be. It should be what the players want not what the developers want. The players have been screaming to the devs to revert back to the build of a previous season where the game was at its peak, but they dont listen. They say they wont do it and they dont provide any logical reasoning. Now the gunplay is horrid, shotgun is broken, ENAS has plauged the play style and there is little to no skill gap in the game. I really do want this game to prosper and go back to that beautiful game that it once was, but I sadly and firmly believe that it wont ever get close to what it once was purely because of the developers. If you want proof as to why I believe this, have a look at the Steam Charts and the H1Z1 Subreddit. PUBG did not kill H1Z1, Fortnite did not kill H1Z1, the players did not kill H1Z1.Daybreak Games killed H1Z1.And it will never be great again.
Posted: April 27	282	7951	None	482	13.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												Buy game for 20$.(Next Day)H1Z1 Is now F2P.TF..
Posted: April 27	78	600	None	482	213.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Once upon a time there was a not so bad battle royale game called H1Z1, there was some flaws but it was bearable cause the game was addictive. It has been in early access for ages, cause the devs are making it worse every patch. They seem to care way more about skins than improving the game, the only thing they did is implement features from PUBG in reaction from it's success. Also not so long ago, the combat update ruined the game once and for all.So I'm not recommending this game, even on sale for 5$ it's not worth it, unless you don't care about your sanity.RIP H1Z1
Posted: April 27	32	443	None	482	2,097.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game was sunk by poor customer service as well. I at one point lost years worth of items due to a bug. I was told by one of the devs in an email to "stop button mashing". My email was nothing but respect and appreciation for a good game where I also simply asked if they could return my bugged items I have earned over the years. "Stop Button Mashing"! Really? And now your game is dead. Good work!♥♥♥♥♥♥poor development. Just sad and dissapointed I have over 2k in hours in crap. And yes this game actually is years old it was originally released Jan 2015. At one point we had a good game to play. I believe even the most played game on steam. Then something happened. It became all about crates. F this game. I'm done!
Posted: April 27	65	331	None	482	3,793.9	Recommended	
Posted: January 19
Early Access Review
								should be free
Posted: November 23, 2017	37	514	None	73	486.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've wasted too much time on this game, the devs are too woried about skins then they are about the fluidity of gameplay. They would rather the game look older and play worse, than to fix problems they already have. Maybe they've made steps in the wrong direction, or maybe they don't see the game's path in the same way the players do. Either way, they don't listen to their community unless it will make them more money.
Posted: November 23, 2017	59	1084	None	73	156.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								Lots of cheaters. Anticheat system makes me laugh.It's been a year from the launch of H1Z1 with battleroyale now chopped into King of the Kill and Just survive. Just to make more money. It's soo obvious hunger they have for money that they not only did this, they are giving more priority into creating new crates and skins to sell to dumb people instead of fighting the high amount of cheaters in this game.
Posted: November 23, 2017	27	538	None	73	1,767.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is from some who played 1k+ hours of BR/KOTK.DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!You will be greatly disappointed by the developer of this game (Daybreak)They always manage to mess up something every single patch and never listen to the community.It's obvious that they are here to make as much money as they can and just abandon the game.
Posted: November 23, 2017	51	984	None	73	222.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21
Early Access Review
								What makes a game good? Free content? Something we have never played before? Or maybe even developers listening to the community? And what can go wrong?H1Z1 went wrong....Before "H1Z1" was...well..."Just Survive" there was H1Z1. Through here, we had another game were we can travel searching for loot and fandom, making Allies and enemies alike, and simply RDM. For me, it was a train away from the DayZ hype. Heck, before PUBG, it was DayZ VS H1Z1. And it's funny because they all branched from Arma, yet, H1Z1 for some reason stuck out, with their on...Battle-Royal. This would take place in Z1 with over 150+ players. It was 'INSANE'. Jumping over peers, Dolphin Diving, Two bullets to kill, and "Shotgun rushing." These few elements kept people on their toes, unless they were getting shot under the car. This started my love for H1Z1. I would practice day and night trying to get high kills. I remember thinking 18 kills was legendary, until I discovered the insane channels like StormenTV, DrDisrespect, Ninja, And even good old LyndonFPS, it was clear to me...I had to get better. I'd practice when my friends were even off, rush everyone, tried copying these top tier gods. If Stormen would no scope someone from med-range I'd practice that, when Doc jumped over the enemies just to one-pump them I'd camp doors for days. When I discovered two-taps, I became a God! But of course things took a twist for the worst!H1Z1 decided to branch out, moving to a new reddit, and making H1Z1 into H1Z1: Kotk. Things started to change without question, losing half the animations that we became so familiar with, removing out-playable situations. Instead of being able to jump over people it like crazy it was nerfed for a more stiff yet set to the ground type character. The odd body removements I remember laughing at everytime I died were gone. And follow was Z2 replacing Z1. This started a whole war inside the H1Z1 community with people picking sides, some vouching for the new maps and others...not too sure. This caused people to beg for Z1, and with Just Survive being introduced it started a uproar for those veterns. However, Pre-season 2 and 3 felt like humble times. The color popped, there was such a shift in skill with the new map. And people began to try and master it all, with people landing in big cities to gear up and camp the roofs while try-hards played Need For Speed while honking their horns. People would either jump out full speed to land insane Two-taps or get one-pumped by a shotgun, roof campers shooting the survivers and window watchers popping out of apartments from left to right. I would remember the rage and joy when people would win in ridiculous ways. I remember I'd shoot someone 5 times with a shotgun and would lose to their one-pump and curse the heathens out of them all! I have even gotten a game ban due to ReShade not being able to be used. I didn't care. I would repurchase H1Z1 and make new friends, Recieve new skins, even able to win a Pig mask and sell it for an upgrade on my GPU. It was my love, my life. And it has failed not only me...but us.As time proceed, we have gotten nothing but updates we didn't ask for, Hit-reg feeling more and more deluted, and players crying that their one pumper-runie didn't do it's job and ending up with them costing their life. We would take a shift into bullet drop changing, making people rage at the fact that they'll have to re-learn, and learn until they are sick of it all.What followed next...is the down fall of H1Z1: KotkWith their "NEW COMBAT UPDATE!" At this time, let us face it, PUBG was being hyped by streamers and created a path to a whole new experience. But why would I enjoy that? I remember the barbaric frame-rate and Potato loading buildings, and besides why would I'd like to play a game where after I get nothing but a pistol I get sniped in a mere second? Sticking with H1 was well worth it until this new Combat update. Concerns of the Old Ar-15 pattern being spammable was to be replace with a whole new model of an AR, Bullet drop, Recoil, Spread, and even the look of it was re-worked. The community felt a painful joy. It was all looking gorgeous on paper and by the next week, it was pushed to Test servers. This caused the depression of this game, some were positive while most knew this might be the end of H1Z1. Despite the New Ar, Ak, And new MP7, instead of doing what it was told it was doing the exact opposite! People would spam the Ar, the AK, And lets not forget the lazer, MP7. The game felt even more buggy, There was no bullet drop, barley leading, the Ar, even more spammable at a farther range. I remember spraying the AK and hitting unthinkable two taps. And the community wasn't just raged, but scared for the big changes coming to H1Z1...And it came. With different type of nerfs applied, and almost new everything with a crazy amount of POIs the game started to lose fandom. I remember seeing 9k playings being lost each month, this has started the decline.Seeing "H1Z1: Kotk" and "H1Z1" Becoming "H1Z1" and "Just Survive" started the death of the game.With Just Survive having their own problem, H1Z1 originality has started to shift, even ideas of adding scopes, and silencers where brought up with the community shutting it down. With the new Combat Update pros has branched to different games such as PUBG, and later on Fortnite. H1Z1 losing it's hype and slowy dying, each update ruining the game, bringing the fandom to rage. Even though we wanted to try something new it has back fired, with every update being directed by the community being hated afterwards, the game kept digging it's own grave. With all the big names disappearing and H1Z1 searching for the next big update, it was clear to see the direction of this product. Players quitting monthly in persuit for better games, skins losing it's price, and even the China ban hit H1 with many more problems. With only a handful who would stay.Yet, even when they started listening to us at the end, this started the "Loop." DayBreak would add something to revert it back, The new Ar replaced with the old spray pattern with adjustments, Z1 being re-worked even they would refuse to ever bringing it back. Movement, like Jumping over people, or Instantly Proning being brought back, things we had which is now making a comeback too late. Why would the aspect of the game change if we'd get them back later on? It didn't make sense, and people saw that. With the progression questionable it was even time for even veterns to finally make their way to better titles.H1Z1 has finally plummeted, The game feels terrible, Movement is restricted, You have to gamble for hit-reg, and games sometime starting up with only 70 players. Waiting went from a few seconds to a few minutes. It was starting to feel deserted. The same faces each game and less of them daily. and with the last change to bullet drop and couldn't take it anymore. I've lost all the knowladge I've learned, the old me has vanished, and even new players would consider me as a noob. It was clear to see, that my time has come aswell.Turning back at the times I've spent hiding from teams, crafting make-shifts, and popping off helments, made me realize that I might never feel such a rush for action, such a thrill shift in gameplay, and the funny jolts that I'd spend with friends. It's very clear to me, DayBreak has pulled a Planetside 2 on me, This was the 2nd time I've felt such a big lost in such an odd community. The shifting of games isn't even just for me. I really can never feel the same compared to what I've gone through in Z1 and Z2. And I feel many have felt the same, we all held hope for the game to jump back just to see it fall down each leap, and with the current state being worked on just to meet the need of the now player base I cannot recommend this game. I'd always have my saved videos...but will never have the same game in them. 
Posted: November 23, 2017	384	1137	None	73	5.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
Do not purchase this game. Do not support unethical price gouging.Step 1) Announce you are making a game that will be free!Step 2) Release it as early access with tons of bugs for $20Step 3) Release a new game mode to hold people over while you fix the bugs in the actual gameStep 4) Announce the game will NOT be free Step 5) Split the main game and the secondary game mode into 2 seperate games and charge $20 for each!Step 6) Profit
Posted: November 23, 2017	49	214	None	73	7.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 18
												They should just send h1z1 back to preseason 3
Posted: November 23, 2017	4	64	None	73	1,750.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17
												H1Z1 is a dead game, murdered by it’s own developers.I’m not here to demand my money back. This game was once fun a full of promise so I have no problem with the fact that I paid full price for it. You see, that’s how it’s supposed to go. Early access is a kind of a system where gamers support a clearly unfinished product out of the love for games and the developers in turn honor that support by trying to use those funds to better the product as well as they possibly can.This is not what happened with H1Z1.Daybreak noticed way too early that pushing out ridiculous amounts of items gave them a nice extra revenue, not only from crate/key sales but also from gamers juggling those items back and forth at the marketplace (yes, they get a cut).The shift from building an interesting game to building a moneymaking machine was clear as day. Instead of bettering the game, updates concentrated on how to get more players to play → buy crates → buy and sell items. The lack of love is so apparent in the development of this game that it leaves me and all my friends wondering if the developers are actually gamers themselves at all.I got this game very soon after the launch and played regularly over the years. I watched a fun functional game turn into a monotonic mess. Let’s look at the changes / functions closer:Normal Battle Royale:- When the game first got out, it had a good interesting map with a lot of foliage and natural formations. This allowed players to have more than one strategy. This is the only time when the items they sold were useful because you could actually take advantage of things like camo. Soon the developers cut the map’s size, removed almost all the interesting places and pretty much all the foliage. This was no doubt a way to cater to an audience with cheaper computers. The end result is horrible: nothing but open level fields without foliage or even rocks to take cover behind. In a way it looks like a 12 year old’s first attempt at making a map in Unity using nothing but free store assets. The map looks unprofessional and is boring to play in.- Let’s mention this again. There is only 1 map.- Guns used to feel steady. Now the recoil is like everyone is missing an arm. As someone who has handled multiple different firearms in her life I can tell that it doesn’t work like this.- The original way of fighting but also having to worry about the location of the safe zone was more interesting and actually required some brains to do. Now they added all sorts of ease-of-access map markers to make sure anyone with 50IQ or less can just spawn into the safe zone and pew pew pew / repeat.- There’s only one way to play. Because of the emptiness of the map and the safe zone always concentrating on an open level field, the only way to survive is to get a car and keep moving. On foot you never have a place to hide behind and end up being shot down in seconds by someone with a car. This wasn’t the case before, using a car was only one of the multiple ways you could approach winning the match.- Cheaters. This problem got a lot worse after the game went ftp.- Desync.- Annoying things like grenade blasts and gas grenade gas passing walls / floors.- Again, cars. They used to be rare. This was nice because it forced people to play in more than just one way. Now cars are literally everywhere, it takes less than a minute for a 5-person team to have a vehicle for every person.- People don’t play. Trying to play fives after 1AM in EU is borderline impossible because the lobby has less than 5 teams.Car Royale:Note that this would be a really fun mode if it actually worked.- Desync.- Getting stuck on walls / railings.- Duos never available.- Takes forever to start a match.- Impossible to start a match after 1AM due to no-one playing this game.- A griefer’s heaven. Why? There is no vote kick or any way to lock a spot on your team. If you have the misfortune to not actually have 4 people available to play, you are at the mercy of the 1 random person who gets matched with your team forcibly. This one person has a multitude of ways to screw over the team: stealing all healing items, using molotovs to set your own team’s car on fire, using grenades to hurt your own team’s car, using mines to hurt your own team, using the crossbow or the rpg to hurt your own team or (and this is the best part) getting angry over not getting a special weapon like the crossbow and taking the ammo into his own inventory even if someone else has the crossbow. Note that the person who actually has the weapon cannot take the ammo into their own inventory and use it, only the ones without the weapon can take it and make it unavailable for the person who has it. If the randomer ends up as the driver he has plenty of new ways to troll. These people are more common than you’d think and seem to be playing this mode solely for this purpose.- The unwinnable match. If you play 10 matches, about 3-4 out of those matches are unwinnable by default. Not because of the skill of your team but because of the system not registering the destruction of a team if they have a 2000ping ftp player connecting while they died. This leads to you being alone in the safe zone with no-one to kill, yet the system says there is still one person/team alive besides you.- The 2000 ping players. Again, there is no vote kick or any way to get this person off your team. If you play with 2 friends 8 times out of 10 your last team mate is this person. Why is it a problem then? I’ll tell you. After you spawn, you need to change the driver if your team has a person that always drives. But if someone is still connecting, you cannot change the seats. Odds are you end up driving around half the match with the randomer still connecting. Again one of those awesome things brought to us by making the game ftp.- The quality of the player base. I didn’t mention this on the normal Battle Royale because it’s not a bother there but in Car Royale it is. Team games are a great way to meet new gamers like yourself, make friends and hone your teamwork skills. This game has nothing but ftp players left. This means people without steam profiles, microphones, teamwork skills or even the ability to connect into the match.The game has been going downhill for a long time due to many of the reasons I’ve stated above and people have spoken out. Just look at the reviews (even before the game went ftp).And how does Daybreak answer the gamers? By reverting back to the old map? No. By changing the shooting mechanics back to how they used to be? No. They answer by releasing more items. And crates. And hoodies that cost 16 euros. And Weapon skins that cost 10 euros. Daybreak will never get another cent from me. Disrespecting your own game and your player base like this is like disrespecting the entire gamer culture. Gamers can see when a developer develops for the money and not for the love of the game. And this is why this game is dead. Time to move on. 
Posted: November 23, 2017	3128	4013	None	73	27.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								I got a 50 dollar skin and bought PUBG with it 10/10
Posted: November 23, 2017	141	363	None	73	45.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												#givememymoneyback 
Posted: November 23, 2017	76	1201	None	73	288.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
												After almost spending my entire life (almost 1000 hours, including the original H1Z1) here is my final review for you guys.It all began 2015, where the glorious H1Z1 has been released. At this time the game was full of bugs, well I didn't judge in those days, because it was an Early-Access-Version of the game.Though it had a lot of bugs, it was really fun to play, with friends of course.At this time you actually were getting rewards for winning, even if you were playing in a group. Nowadays you will not get rewarded after winning when playing with a group. So for some people (including me), the motivation to win was missing, since those days.After the Developer Studio switched and reorganized from Sony Online Entertainment to Daybreak Games (TheyBreak Games     ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ) the game was on their way to fall down.You couldn't see any progress in developing, major bugs existed for months, the priority list of Daybreak Games was disastrous. Well though I had those bad impressions, I wasn't missing the fun at this time. In 2016 they made the decision split the game into two. H1Z1: Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the Kill. I had hope in the developement of this game again, because I thought maybe it will help them to organize themselfs better and to set priorities.On one side I was happy that they brought some new stuff, new gamemodes to play, events, etc., like Ignition, Skirmish, Green Dawn, Hardcore, but on the other side major bugs still existed. But for me, it was still fun to play.Later 2016 they have made their biggest mistake. They (re)-"launched" their game (fun-fact: its still in early-access) and promised a major change in gameplay, graphics, performance and developing. So let's see what the "launch" brought us:(1) They have removed the old map and replaced it with the new Z2-Map. You might ask yourself now, what, is so bad about the new Z2-Map?:- Though they promised graphic enhancements, they've just increased the color saturation, to pretend, that graphics are better now. But as you might guess: They are not even close to better. The lightnings in the buildings are worse then ever. You can hardly see the loot inside of the buildings.- The actual reason for why the map was changed was that the devs thought, that the original map was maybe a bit too much copy and pasted. Here is my opionion on that: The new map is even more copy and pasted. Almost every buildings looks the same.- There are no real memorial places or fighting spots, like they were on the original map. Maybe it is because that I am a little bit nostalgic, but people who have played the original H1Z1 will understand me, when I rave about PV Police-Station, Radio-Tower, Opfer Camp, Reservoir Dam, B2, Hospital, etc, etc...- Loot is clipping inside of the textures so you cannot pick it up. This bug exists since almost half a year now.- Floating trees and ugly streets and textures are daily fare.- They won't give us the opportunity to play the old map, since they "deleted it by mistake" so they said. (Another fun-fact: the old map is still available in H1Z1: JS, so there is no way that it had been deleted)- There is no pit in the new Box of Destiny. Where the hell shall summit go then?(2) They have made a major change to the Interface and the HUD, which in my eyes clearly looks fancier but is actually worse than the original, because it seems really unclearly to me.(3) The translations are actually worse than google translator.(4) They have removed previous exlusive gamemodes, so you can't play them anymore. Well there is the ability to do so, but there never had been an event where you can play them.(5) They brought in a new rewards system and removed the old one. Unfortunatley, I never could experience those, because as you might noticed, I was always playing with friends. But nope, there are still no rewards for groups.(6) The performance is still as bad as in the old H1Z1.You might ask yourself now, why did they make those changes and why did they relaunch the game?Clear answer boys: to market the game more efficient.I have lost faith in this game and thats why I felt the need to write this review.I have the bad feeling that this game won't get any better, since the problem-solving approaches from the developers are slow, less efficient and mostly alternative and do not treat the cause of most problems.Edit: _______When the game was fun - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlvQDVWNsmgI will always remember you Z1. <3Shame on you greedy devs! Memories will stay, but you will fade._______Got the "Dying Game Award".Lel._______"iT'S bEcAuSE oF pUbG aNd FoRtnIte ThAT tHE pLaYeRbaSE iS LoWeRINg"
Posted: September 28, 2017	529	1106	None	7	1,707.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								1661.4 hrs. I know what i'm talking about.Imagine you buy a nice dog (h1z1) for your birthday. You love this dog, you play with it almost every day, and the dog loves you back. After a few months you decide your current doghouse isn't big enough anymore to keep your dog in, so you buy an expensive, nicely painted doghouse (brand new pc) JUST to play with this dog. Another few months go by, and you start noticing all the things you don't like about your loyal companion anymore. His fur is all scruffy, his teeth are going yellow, and he barks at the first sign of another human being. You try to convince yourself your dog is changing, growing up. Little do you know every time you try to play with your dog it attacks you and starts growling at you. Every single week you notice different changes to your dog. He starts walking funny, his barks sound like guinnea pigs having coïtus and the once beautiful fur has all but vanished. You now try to play with a mean, broken, sorry♥♥♥♥♥excuse of a dog every single day in the last hope he may one day become the beautiful creature he once was. The dog which you once loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of is no more.Today will always be remembered as the day the developers threw the towel in the ring and said "♥♥♥♥ it, we've squeezed every last possible cent out of this game, let's just screw it up one last time for good measure and let the game die."
Posted: September 28, 2017	7	121	None	7	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 25
												Just Survive is shut down.♥♥♥♥ off Daybreak. Either offer us refunds or give us the ability to create our own servers so we're not $20 AND a game out.
Posted: September 28, 2017	411	589	None	7	35.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 21
												rip my money
Posted: September 28, 2017	1974	1152	None	7	645.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I'd rather buy winrar.
Posted: September 28, 2017	841	593	None	7	20.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								The only good thing about the split is I can now give 2 negative reviews.
Posted: September 28, 2017	196	180	None	7	148.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3
												Best free game i've ever paid $30 for!
Posted: September 28, 2017	22	160	None	7	360.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21
												belive me It WAS a good game ages ago
Posted: September 28, 2017	52	325	None	7	12.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								I had +220 hours on H1Z1 before it was split. I will tell you what: The concept of BR was good. It was quick, full of people, very competitive, always gave you that rush. It was good for alpha, but then you started to notice something. - The map sucks. Its like if you had spent 2 hours on far cry 2 editor. No details at all. Same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ vegetation brush everywhere. - 3 main weapons: shotgun, ar15 and ak47. So poor.- Queues to play. Such long queues. Was it that expensive to buy more servers? Oh wait...thats what the next point kicks right in.- Developers only care about money. For real. Updates only had small fixes like "ak now is a bit less powerful" or "car speed reduced" and all the rest was about 100 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins for which you have to buy keys and crates. Its such a rip off. Its an alpha game, for ♥♥♥♥s sake, and they charge you like millions for skins. Winning battle royale only gives you horrible loot which is absolutely worthless, because, of course, they do not want you to get cool content by winning and proving yourself to be good, no, they want you to spend more moneyz in their alpha game which will never be completed except for the fantastic crate&key system. They even have their in-game money. Why? So they can control the price of keys. It would be fatal for them if people could sell keys or crates.Its so disgusting to see that as soon as they get some fame, they instantly forget about the game and start looking for all kinds of ideas to rip you off. It bothered me so hard that my ingame name in DayZ SA is "H1Z1Sucks".Seriously, only buy this game if all you care is about BUYING content that otherwise you would get for free. In addition (but last) their ♥♥♥♥in brilliant bussinessmen came up with the idea of splitting the game in two, so that instead of having one alpha game with two game modes, they had 2 broken alpha games for each 20€. And the worst is, they tried to make us believe it was because "they wanted to focus more". Oh, and as I write I remember another thing, the "Green Battle royal" or whatever it was called. They realised people only played for the BR mode, so they thought "Hey, could we charge them for playing BR mode? Oh yea we can, but lets disguise it as a new mode with extra luxury weapon skins". Then you win the br green and you check your AR15 skin and realise they only put 30 seconds in sprayin some green ♥♥♥♥♥♥ brush over the model. ♥♥♥♥in brilliant.
Posted: September 28, 2017	16	171	None	7	24.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								What was originally supposed to be a 1000 man zombie survival game on the scale of Planetside 2 (same engine) and was bought from Sony and gutted by Day Break then instantly "finished." I bought into H1Z1 for what it was originally supposed to be, a horror survival game; then it became an arcade shooter to turn a quick profit for another company not even involved in it's production. Once I learnt of their ill treatment of Player-Unknown, that was the only semblance of silver lining that came out of the Day Break tragedy... If they never bought out his parent company and fired him we never would have PUBG. So. I guess we can thank them for giving us PUBG as he took the money he made from H1Z1 and the Sony sale and made PUBG as a giant flipping of the bird to Day Break.
Posted: September 28, 2017	25	315	None	7	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Looks like the split was a bad idea. Serves you right for trying to rip off the gaming community. You know how to fix this I suggest you do it!
Posted: October 12, 2017	2975	1910	None	13	741.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Id rather buy winrar
Posted: October 12, 2017	13	141	None	13	1,367.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3
Early Access Review
								They ♥♥♥♥ed this game to hell and back. All they care about is money and don't listen to the community. Daycrate games. TRASH! They can't fix♥♥♥♥♥♥ I loved this game at one time. So sad to see it die. 1400+ hours between normal and test server. All turned out to be a complete letdown and waste of my time.
Posted: October 12, 2017	31	539	None	13	386.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 is a game I've played for over a year and a game that I've loved a lot for such a long time. It was a game that I was willing to look past the bugs and poor development team because of how much fun I had playing this game. The current state of the game, on April 11 2017, is absolutely terrible. We've been promised so many things and been given so little. We just NOW got a spectator camera. 9/10 of my games are ruined by a hacker two tapping me from a mountain. Despite all of this, I loved King of the Kill so much. I made so many friends and got close to so many people through this game, and it held a special place in my heart for that. Until today.My best friend got on to play a couple of rounds with me only to find out that she had been banned. Why, might you ask? Well neither of us have any idea whatsoever! She's not someone to care about cheating or even her rank all that much, seeing as we only played duos and fives. All of her games were very low kill counts and placings, if anything she was a very average player around Gold level. She never had an insane performance or anything like that. Today, she was banned by Daybreak Games for virtually no reason. I can not, with a clean conscience, recommend ANYBODY to purchase this game or give the developer any of your money whatsoever.Daybreak Games is a terrible company in literally every single right. The game has been early access for three years and the game has gone nowhere at all.Edit: Daybreak responded to my friend's complaint about being unreasonable banned with:"nullnullThanks!don't reply.":)
Posted: October 12, 2017	13	223	None	13	299.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do not buy this game, the company split its♥♥♥♥♥♥early access game and crapped this out.  They will never deliver on the games they promise, never buy a daybreak game.
Posted: October 12, 2017	107	55	None	13	31.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Stephen Hawking runs better than this game.
Posted: October 12, 2017	25	620	None	13	485.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11
Early Access Review
								Great game killed by the devs
Posted: October 12, 2017	14	108	None	13	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 27
												it didnt die, they killed it.
Posted: October 12, 2017	31	311	None	13	9.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do not waste your money on this game. Biggest regret i have for a game in recent memery. Not only that they took a unfinished early access game and split in into 2 different parts. Then they Sold each part for the original cost of the Original game(amazing). We as gamers NEED to have some self control(include myself) and stop buying this crap.2/10 would not buy again
Posted: October 12, 2017	14	293	None	13	1,277.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								A perfect battle royale game killed by combat update which was released August 10th 2017. This game was slowly deminishing after pre-season 3 but the useless, pathetic and incompetant devs failed to see that. The development team have a mindset that "If we make it like PUBG, we will get more players" but what's the point when I can just play PUBG instead.Countless players that have enjoyed playing this game enough to accumulate over 1000 hours are being ignored. One of the Combat Update features was making bullet drop non existant which just throws all that time and effort learning this game down the drain.This was my favourite game and I used to be excited to play it... This game has come so far downhill which is just sad.  Do not play this game at all cost until the devs stick to the true H1Z1 gameplay.
Posted: October 12, 2017	7	58	None	13	13.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Having played a lot of Battle Royal in H1Z1 (before they split the game), I can say this game mode is pretty fun. But, it is just ONE game mode. So, ask yourself if it is worth buying a 20€ game for just ONE gamemode, a gamemode previously part of another game!?-----Daybreak claims that they will be adding more gamemodes, but that's yet to be seen. We don't know what gamemodes or how many will be added. Reading the early acces page they claim to add additional gamemodes and game rules. Judging the history of this game/development, I would not be supprised if they only add slight variations of the ONE gamemode Battle Royal.Before the split, there already where 3 variants of this game mode, you had one without zombies, one with zombies and one with special rewards for winning! This last mode was behind a cash wall and you need to buy tickets for real hard cash to join this mode.Technicly they could say they have 3 gamemodes. Then you have the same game with team of 2, or team of 5 players. So there you have it, 5 gamemodes! :PWe have to wait and see what the new gamemodes are, if any are added!Ask yourself, knowing this, is ONE gamemode still worth 20€?-----Let's inform you some more, because this game has a rocky history with many claims that never became reality!They ones claimed to NEVER add pay2win mechanics to this game, then airdrops where added to survival mode that gave you food, water, weapons and ammo! Airdrops are behind a paywall from real hard cash! Though they changed the way this works but still ...They claimed this game would become free2play ones released. Guess what, it's 20€ with additional supply crates and cosmatic microtransactions! Even payed gamemodes like the Battle Royal variant (Green Dawn) and airdrops for ingame loot.Again, ask yourself, is this game worth 20€, with possible new gamemodes behind cash wall, with micro transactions and many broken promises?Then the worst part, the recent split of H1Z1 into two games. This game, King of the Kill, was part of the original H1Z1. You had survival servers and Battle Royal servers! Now you have the survival game, 20€ and the battle royal game for another 20€! And what would happen if say a new gamemode is added to King of the Kill, which becomes very popular, will they split agian? Who knows!?This split would not be the worst of things, if they cut the price in half. Would be fair since they cut the game in half but nope, now you pay 2x20€ for something that ones was 1x20€, for something that ones was promised to be free2play!Also, remember you now need to pay double for microtransactions. Getting a new piece of clothing from a microtransaction was universal availible for all servers and gamemodes. Now, if you want that same piece of clothing be prepared to buy the same item twice!!!Knowing all of this, ask yourself is ONE gamemode worth 20€?-----With this out of the way you might want to know if this ONE gamemode is fun and yes, I said I have lots of fun with this gamemode. So let's get into that!You spawn with around 150 other players on a large open map. Everyone drops down from the sky with a parasute. It's now time to land as fast as you can, so you can be the first to loot weapons, ammo, backpacks and more. So you can be the first to blast others in the face.After a few minutes a savezone is drawn on your map, because toxic fog will be released and slowly drive you towards the savezone. This mechanic is fun and usefull to drive the remaining players towards the same spot.Though there is only ONE map it's big enough to be fun for a long time. Mainly because a lot of things are random. Not the map itself but your spawn location is random, weapon spawns are random and the savezones are random. One match ends in an urban location and another on top of the mountains.All seems good, but there is also a lot wrong with the game and it's mechanics!Spawning for example! You don't spawn at the same time as your enemies. It depends on your loading time, internet connection and random bad luck (sometimes the game takes 2 or 3 times longer to load). This means people with faster hardware and internet connection land faster, getting guns fasters and thus have an increased change to win!Next problem is that hitbox detection and netcode are so random. With a bit of bad luck you can shoot somebody in the head for multiple times without them dieing. While other times you one hit kill them.Same with the shotgun, it's spread pattern is random. So you can almost get sniped from long distance with a shotgun while other times you can't hit/kill somebody at close range! And it's all luck, or badluck depending how it ends!On top of that there aren't many weapons and in the end it comes down to AR15 for long range, shotgun for close range. Perhaps the AK47 (though it got nerved) or if you are lucky the hunting rifle (sniper that only drops from airdrops). All the other weapons are just useless compared to the above, so bows, crossbows and pistols are ignored! You only use them if they are the first weapon you can find early game.-----Eventhough this gamemode is a lot of fun, even with all it's flaws, I can't recommend it to anyone! Specially knowing that this ONE gamemode was part of another game!Perhaps if they fix the core issues (spawning, hitbox detection, etc) and add more gamemodes AND lower the price to 10€ or less, then and only then it might become worth it!For now, it's a big NO NO. Not recommended!
Posted: October 14	26	177	None	6	113.8	Recommended	
Posted: October 14
												i think we should get our money back from this game. we had to spend 25 pounds for this game now its free that doesn't seem fair.
Posted: October 14	6	114	None	6	97.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								So they have split the game in two, monetized the hell out of it to vleed it just that bit more and still there is no BR 3's? cool.
Posted: October 14	24	169	None	6	1,442.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 11
												I've played this game for 3 years and I have to say that this game was great. This game was popular and it was really about skill. But big Mistake is that Developers don't listen to community. They don't use brain. Developers do things which ruins whole game. H1z1 has lost a lot of players. In pre season 3 this game played 150k people. Now ? 3-4-5k ? really daybreak ? Honestly I'm very sad becaused I like this game but developers don't try to listen community and that's why I decided to stop playing this game. I was really patient but developers still do the same thing!!! They don't listen to community Feedback!!!! So please guys don't play this game. Daybreak doesn't deserve our attention.
Posted: October 14	5	34	None	6	3.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2
												Bought a different game, got this game for free. Other game gets deleted. Get stuck with this crap.
Posted: October 14	218	176	None	6	56.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 31
												200K Players online anytime. Top Games on Twitch chart. Battle Royale was a fresh style. Season 1 to 3. Long ago, these 4 words used to describe H1Z1 : King of the Kill. But then Fortnite and PUBG attacked. Only Daybreak coul save H1Z1 from the attack, but when the world needed them the most. Their brain vanished.
Posted: October 14	258	497	None	6	28.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												where is my refund ??
Posted: October 14	7	22	None	6	91.5	Recommended	
Posted: October 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Last time H1Z1 KOTK did not crash Harambe was still alive
Posted: October 14	1	49	None	6	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 9
												Just bring back Just Survive, I buy this game just to play survival mode, I already have too much games that has better BR mode than this crap
Posted: October 14	51	371	None	6	42.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 21
												For all the people who are complaining about getting their money back it will not happen! In the beginning of the alpha it was already said that the game would become free later on, and so if you buy it that would mean you pay for the development of the game. So now don't cry that you have paid 20 euros for it, you could know that this was going to happen...
Posted: October 14	1	70	None	6	14.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4
												Bought the ORIGINAL H1z1 back in 2015 - When it was a SURVIVAL GAME with just a battle royale mod that i did not care about. Then game split. Now the survival game that was renamed into "Just Survive" (and got almost completely neglected) will not survive. Pay something - get nothing in the end = Daybreak Do yourself a favour, don´t touch anything made by them !Don´t touch anything that is made by this company  ! !   
Posted: February 19, 2016	13	161	None	45	242.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Bad after the split, money grabers
Posted: February 19, 2016	20	216	None	45	3,718.3	Recommended	
Posted: June 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								gg jogao y.y
Posted: February 19, 2016	38	8361	None	45	0.7	Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								atleast refund button is not buggy
Posted: February 19, 2016	25	170	None	45	113.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								Thank you Daybreak for giving me another opportunity to give a bad review. Seriously though, from day 1 H1Z1 has hardly improved. There has been some 'stuff' added but they spend all their time on releasing [crates] skins for the kids. How about improving the combat mechanics and give us a game that is about PvZ and not PvK (players vs. kids). H1Z1: King of the Kill. The best copy/paste game of all time.
Posted: February 19, 2016	442	684	None	45	37.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 10
												I paid money for this and now its free. May i get my money back?
Posted: February 19, 2016	5	113	None	45	435.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Started out with really good potential, but was quickly squandered due to profiteering from the developer's parent company. Endless crate releases for in-game purchases instead of fixing bugs, adding content, or addressing server issues like hitreg and desync. Players from other regions use VPNs to connect to NA servers, and effectively ruin the competition. Movement is clunky, guns are inconsistent, and explosives don't work. This is a solid case for "come back when it isn't early access, and maybe then it'll be good. maybe."
Posted: February 19, 2016	42	168	None	45	11.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 12
												You killed the game! I was one of the first when you guys released in 2015. You guys dont listen to your community you just sit on your asses and ignore everyone. Ill never buy another game from this company again. Continue to bury yourself. Dumbasses!
Posted: February 19, 2016	149	410	None	45	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								How is this even legal?
Posted: February 19, 2016	17	204	None	45	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs that dont care about the community. DO NOT BUY!
Posted: February 19, 2016	11	154	None	45	1,121.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								Money grabbing company... Bugs go unfixed for months, if not a whole year. Sweep them under the rug for untradable crates which is bogus to begin with.Fun game at times, but it could be much, much better if greed wasn't a factor.
Posted: October 28	35	125	None	56	1,196.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 28
												It was good and now its bad
Posted: October 28	24	76	None	56	807.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 6
												This game was good before the combat update. When you ruin the whole game with new sounds, new weapons, new movements and new mechanics it's not wierd this game is going downhill. And the worst part is that there are full of cheaters in this game. You have zero controll of cheaters in this game and you are not doing anything to fix it. All the time I have put in this game for nothing. Game after game you get killed by cheaters, a bug, or simply someone frome china with 280 in ping. This game had such great potential but is now going to an end. Bye bye Daybreak, you incompetent useless bunch of morons.
Posted: October 28	20	251	None	56	303.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								1.) Devs trolling players with usless content no one asked about and skin crates.2.) Devs dont work with playerfeedback.(see #1)3.) Devs posting fakenews about the game("esport rdy" e.g.)4.) Devs organizing faked lan tournamets and posting polished videos days later without bugs and with imaginary nice performance no player ever saw ingame by himself.(lol)there is not much positve to say, all in all its a big dissapointment from developer side. 
Posted: October 28	30	629	None	56	133.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
												08/03/2018 - After Daybreak said their game would never be F2P, because they had 2 teams, one working on KotK and the other on Just Survive, today they decided to make it F2P. Because of their promises I bought the game to play with my friends, now they give ''loot'' that my friend told me can't even be sold in the steam store, to everyone that bought the game. Daybreak didn't know how to do business management back in day and they still don't know to this day. Stay away from this game even after becoming F2P...22/02/2017 - Before telling you why the game is a no go, I have to say that I enjoy playing it with my friends its a lot a fun, we have a lot of PVP action and funny moments, but this game is glitchy as ♥♥♥♥. I will be naming the pros and cons just so you can make a decision for yourself.(*In my opinion* If you don't have any friends to play with don't buy it...)PROS:-The PVP is quite good and comparing to other BR games, its the best out there,-If you have friends it can be an emerging experience and a lot of fun.-The gun mechanics are somewhat cool.-The variety of items in the game, even though there are barely some, have some use and you will most likely like them.-Car mechanics are somewhat decent.-A lot of places to loot.CONS: (Im starting from the glitches that happen from the loading screen untill we are on the arena)-When entering the game if you have a bad connection so many glitches will happen, like not having a parachute, landing under the map, landing and then 2 seconds into the game dying to the environment, etc...-Sometimes while trying to enter a car you will receive a message saying ''Something is in the way'' and you won't be able to enter.-Jumping from a 2 feet rock will make you lose HP.-Some players either are hacking or have an amazing aim, you will see this since they hit you from over 100 meters, every single shot and this is annoying because if you stop to shoot at them you miss every shot when on the other hand they hit every single one.-When you shoot at someone, and you are sure you tagged him, after he kills you, sometimes you will see his HP at 0 but he will still be running and jumping.-Entered a jip, waited for my friend he entered aswell, turned on the engine pressed W to go foward and died to ''Disconnect''.-The bombs dropped from the plane are bad since the day I bought this game which was over a year now, if they drop on top you you probably won't die unless you have like 10 HP.-There is a rank system which im not even sure if you play against your own rank. (I was on the worst one Silver V and saw guys that would hit someone 100 meters away and 2 tap them).-There is a level system which every 5 levels you get an unlocked case and you can open them to get some clothes, we should get cases every level because on the higher ones it becomes a grind to level up.-When you finish in the top 10 you get nothing, you only win something if you bet on yourself free coins which after finishing in top 15 (I think) gets you skulls to unlock the limited clothes they have on the skull shop, and it only has like 10 cosmetics.***SIDE NOTE***The developers of this game are the worst, they only care about your money. After buying the game from SONY they decided to split the game (H1Z1: Just Survive and H1Z1: King of the Kill) this was the most stupid business stunt I have ever seen in my life (Since now Just Survive has pretty much no interest to them). They did this to have a team working on Just Survive and another team working on KOTK, LOL, since Just Survive is getting little to no updates I don't think they are putting much effort into it. KOTK is pretty much a carnival party at this point, all you see is players dressed up in a huge amount of colors that make them look like ♥♥♥♥ing clowns. The KOTK game became a pay-2-dress and everytime they update the game we only see cases, little tweaks to guns and no major/game breaking glitches getting fixed. You pay 20$ (or 10$ on sale) to play a game that its main focus is who looks the prettiest. Or pay 20$ (or 10$ on sale) for Just Survive to play a game that has basically no updates and the dev team doesn't really care about. In my opinion you shouldn't buy the game but after what you read you make your own decision.
Posted: October 28	135	75	None	56	35.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7
												Daybreak their game.
Posted: October 28	69	433	None	56	43.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6
												The developers had their chance to make a great Battle Royale game, and they completely screwed it up. They sat on their underdeveloped game, pushing out updates whenever they felt like (sometimes six months in-between actual fixes, not just cosmetic updates). Then PlayerUnknowns and Fortnite came out and now they want to start adding content and fixing their game?No thanks, just get Fortnite or PUBG instead.EDIT: 10 days after the release they made the game free to play and won't give money back to people who bought the game. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOF
Posted: October 28	5	171	None	56	557.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								The fact of the matter is this is a awesome concept and scratches the right itch I had as a competitive gamer, however, Day Break Games seem to value gimick releases over actually fixing the game they have. This game has been in Early Access for years now and it still plagued by Blocker level bugs that just never get fixed. Please, vote with your dollar by spend it elsewhere. As much as I would love to see this game succeed, I cannot recommend you purchase it at this time. I firmly believe the money will not go to support this title and just be wasted by the Studio Heads who on Glassdoor are portrated as unquailified and not concerned with making great games but making a dollar.
Posted: October 28	386	6731	None	56	286.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
 The honest and legit way on how to ALMOST win a game in H1Z1. (AFTER UPDATE)!	 1. Begin by launching up the game. You will probably be forced to restart the launcher a couple of times, but it has always been like that so don't worry.2. After 35 restarts, press the SOLO button and wait 25 minutes to get into your game. 3. When finally inside the pre-game arena, make sure to scream as loud as you can and insult other players as much as possible. Perhaps let them know what size your weiner is?4. You will then be entering the game. Unfortunately you will be stuck on the loading screen, so restart the game again. But once again, it's normal. Don't freak out.5. When you finally get into the game after another hour of start up time, you will spawn without a parachute and fall to the ground. Happily you spawned next to a little camp and you found all the best loot. (No backpack, no helmet, T-shirts, golves and that ugly little pistol with the red ammo that no one uses.)6. With your loot you will hide by the trees and act like you ARE the tree, until a little noob with an AR, 5 laminated armours and a sniper rifle, casually walk past you. 7. 2-tap him with your pistol and spam C to T-bag him. 8. With your new loot, kill 30 people and record it to later on let everybody on youtube know that your are better than StormenTV.9. You are now starting to get sweaty and nervous because of the final 1v1 situation. Just as you are going to shoot your enemy with your sniper, you get a warning sign saying that your weapons will be locked due to bad internet connection. 10. Freak out, run out to your router and make sure that it's running fine.11. After finding out that nothing was wrong with your internet, run back to your computer and take a look at your screen.12. ** 2nd Place. 30 kills. **13. Get T-Bagged by the player who killed you while he brags about how good he is and how he had sexual intercourse with your granny last night.14. It should now be midnight, go to sleep. Repeat next day. 	Originally posted by author: Review made by Asiilex	 
Posted: October 28	80	696	None	56	9.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												"Purchase H1Z1 recently? Refunds will be provided by Steam in accordance with its refund policy." - Steam won't give you any refunds, checked that today.So they made the game F2P just ONE WEEK after its release, without noticing anyone. Imagine you bought it on launch, played for 2.5 hours or so. That's it, you're ♥♥♥♥ed, your 20$ are gone (and I bought it for 9.99$ when it was in Early Access).Now they're milking it with the Freemium model, and there's already a 100$ DLC. You don't create all this in just one day or so, it was all planned. An elaborate scam. NEVER buy a game from Daybreak.
Posted: October 28	37	354	None	56	42.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I had +220 hours on H1Z1 before it was split. I will tell you what: The concept of BR was good. It was quick, full of people, very competitive, always gave you that rush. It was good for alpha, but then you started to notice something. - The map sucks. Its like if you had spent 2 hours on far cry 2 editor. No details at all. Same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ vegetation brush everywhere. - 3 main weapons: shotgun, ar15 and ak47. So poor.- Queues to play. Such long queues. Was it that expensive to buy more servers? Oh wait...thats what the next point kicks right in.- Developers only care about money. For real. Updates only had small fixes like "ak now is a bit less powerful" or "car speed reduced" and all the rest was about 100 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins for which you have to buy keys and crates. Its such a rip off. Its an alpha game, for ♥♥♥♥s sake, and they charge you like millions for skins. Winning battle royale only gives you horrible loot which is absolutely worthless, because, of course, they do not want you to get cool content by winning and proving yourself to be good, no, they want you to spend more moneyz in their alpha game which will never be completed except for the fantastic crate&key system. They even have their in-game money. Why? So they can control the price of keys. It would be fatal for them if people could sell keys or crates.Its so disgusting to see that as soon as they get some fame, they instantly forget about the game and start looking for all kinds of ideas to rip you off. It bothered me so hard that my ingame name in DayZ SA is "H1Z1Sucks".Seriously, only buy this game if all you care is about BUYING content that otherwise you would get for free. In addition (but last) their ♥♥♥♥in brilliant bussinessmen came up with the idea of splitting the game in two, so that instead of having one alpha game with two game modes, they had 2 broken alpha games for each 20€. And the worst is, they tried to make us believe it was because "they wanted to focus more". Oh, and as I write I remember another thing, the "Green Battle royal" or whatever it was called. They realised people only played for the BR mode, so they thought "Hey, could we charge them for playing BR mode? Oh yea we can, but lets disguise it as a new mode with extra luxury weapon skins". Then you win the br green and you check your AR15 skin and realise they only put 30 seconds in sprayin some green ♥♥♥♥♥♥ brush over the model. ♥♥♥♥in brilliant.
Posted: April 8	47	375	None	13	220.8	Recommended	
Posted: April 8
												Am i the only one that thinks we should some sort of refund for purchasing this game, now its free?i havnt been on for a while( work and health reasons) but would like some retrubution for this.. or am i wrong?
Posted: April 8	28	316	None	13	178.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2016
												The devs seem to ignore all the issues and problems but still adding new crates and skins.
Posted: April 8	160	311	None	13	63.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								Steam trophy award 2016 for the buggiest game everEDIT 8 april:OMG they finally made an update! But don't worry, it's only because battleground went out!EDIT 16 april:Nice update: This game is now lagging as ♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 8	56	332	None	13	111.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 7, 2016
Early Access Review
								They promised it would be Free to Play....
Posted: April 8	441	555	None	13	34.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Theres no zombies, what does the z standfor now?
Posted: April 8	1	21	None	13	35.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29
												Well done for abandoning half of your game(Just Survive), never again will I be buying games from Daybreak.
Posted: April 8	15	155	None	13	18.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												H1Z1 is a Battle Royale game that started off great, but sadly lost it's mojo during the Early Access stage.The game started of as H1Z1: King of the Kill (Aka KOTK) but was later changed to just H1Z1 as the survival version of the game was renamed from H1Z1: Just Survive to Just Survive.Last week the game finally left Early Access after quite a long time, to put in perspective, Playerunknown's Battlegrounds was launched into Early Access long after H1Z1 was, and yet managed to leave Early Access about 3 months earlier. And it comes to no surprise, while PUBG has done a great job updating the game regulary, H1Z1 has had very slow updates, at times it felt like they didn't really add anything for up to 6 months. And to be honest, I get the feeling that they simply were pretty lazy, because prior to PUBG and Fortnite, H1Z1 was on top of the charts with a large and growing player base, but then PUBG came along and changed that. It's not until now that big things has started to happen with H1Z1, because now they have to compete with both PUBG and Fortnite which more or less has taken oven the world at this point. The latest big addition came when the game left early access, a gamemode called "Autoroyale" which as it sounds, is battle royale strictly using cars. The game mode was actually surprisingly fun, so I have to give them that. Now, as the playerbase started to fade away for H1Z1 they took the bold move to make the game free to play, which in a way was needed to compete. BUT, the problem with this is the fact that they did it about a week after leaving and advertising that the game is finally out of Early Access, many people bought the game just a week ago and now they made the game free to play, which is a massive kick inbetween the legs to many consumers. And I'm pretty sure this was intentional. Putting things like slow development and somewhat questionable actions aside, the game does offer some fun both by yourself or with friends. It's by no means unplayable and can honestly be a fun and more "arcade-ish" take on the battle royale genre. And as the game now is free to play there is no reason why you shouldn't give it a go, since you don't have much to lose. But overall there are better options for battle royale games out there.
Posted: April 8	142	371	None	13	5.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
Early Access Review
								Only a miracle unknown to mankind can save this game
Posted: April 8	0	25	None	13	618.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												Game broken by developers, not by community...
Posted: April 8	2	59	None	13	106.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												Wish they issued refunds from when the game was $20 and I purchased it, because this H1Z1 is not the H1Z1 I purchased around 2016. The game was perfect, and the "Combat Update" ruined the game. Movement and gun control is now lackluster and unenjoyable.R.I.P H1Z1.
Posted: December 8	1	29	None	747	444.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 8
												this game was one of the best BR games back in the day, but now has fallen. H1 was a great game until they changed and changed the weapons damage. everytime they heard from a stream that a weapon needs to be nerfed they nerfed it yet it didn't need to be. the game today is not play able because there are not alot of people playing the game so goodluck finding people that are noobs and not pros. :D
Posted: December 8	28	424	None	747	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
Do not purchase this game.  Do not support unethical price gouging.The developer has a long history of releasing buggy, unoptimized, and overall terrible games ripe with microtransactions, and this one is no different.  They LIED about it going free to play, and then split their game in half, doubling the total price before it's even out of Alpha. This is not okay! This change is nothing but a dirty cash grab.  Daybreak as a company has a track record of failure and will do anything to try to get out of the red, and this is a prime example.They haven't released a quality game in over 15 years.  With all due respect to their employees and their livelihoods, this company should have been abolished years ago.  It has been driven into the ground repeatedly by poor management, and compounded by lousy investments from both Sony and Columbus Nova.  No one talks about it, but there is no guarantee this game will even be available to play in months, let alone years. In 2014 Daybreak (then SOE) reportedly lost Sony $60 million, and now just one year after being sold off, this is the kind of gouging they're trying to pull on customers.  Not enough red flags for you? They've had multiple huge layoffs over the years,  at times completely devestating their customer support and quality assurance teams.If your battle royale itch needs scratching, I'd recommend Rust or ARK. Both games have survival and BR modes, both are backed by more committed developers that aren't just there to separate your money from your wallet.
Posted: December 8	15	58	None	747	44.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								The bad coding and overal experience is more lethal than the zombies itself
Posted: December 8	7	121	None	747	63.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Trust the bad reviews. I had several hundred hours before they "split" the game (effectivly lowering productivity by 50% and breaking several parts of the game) because i hoped and prayed that semi-frequent updates were a good sign. They wernt.Between the cheaters, glitches and all around incompletness of the game after....however many years now, i can not recommend anyone to play this game. Rather than fixing these issues, they release more microtransactions. Another example of incompetancy was when they finally claimed to fix 1 pre-game bug that was a little annoying (exploding car/tombstone); then before even releasing said update, decide to do away with the whole lobby system instead for apperantly having some massive internal revelation of a better way to have a pregame lobby. If you dont see why this is an issue, then youre probably dumb enough to play this game. This game is spinning its wheels and going absolutely nowhere. They still have the same handful of items since launch (their wiki lies and says 660, but they include airdrop tickets, emotes, and shl tty variations of the same item; like backpacks). And the worst thing? China has got their hands on it, which is the coalmine canary of video games. Anyone over the age of 15 knows that once the chineese start playing a game enmasse, its days are numbered.The company is run by morons and my harddrive feels lighter for doing away with it.
Posted: December 8	24	537	None	747	60.1	Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								Edit: Apparently when I posted this review, they just added the servers back. Needless to say, Australian servers are back, and they are working well!Please Rep This So People Can See! There are Australian servers on H1Z1!! The people that are saying there is no Aus servers don't look around enough. Down in the Settings you can swap regions to Australia and play on there, the Aussie servers are alive with people too!
Posted: December 8	1	28	None	747	64.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Since the split, the game 9/10 times crashes on startup for me. when start up works, i spend 10 minutes waiting for a game in a lobby. While wating the game either crashes or places me into a completely random game, disregarding the party i queued with in the lobby.The one time I made it all the way into a game with my friends, my framerate was severally more unstable then it was before the update splitting the game. The frames stuttered like my 1200$ pc was actually a 200$ laptop. This game is now broken and i will be opting out of the new updated version that brought two seperate games. I wish i could refund, as i did not buy H1Z1 Kotk or H1Z1 Just survive. I bought H1z1, a survival/battle royal game that was working its way to F2P and availability on Xbox, PS4, and PC. Instead Ive gotten a sluggish, DAYZ developement team who makes DAYZ-esque updates and slowly chokes out each and every member of the community that used to enjoy the game, who makes a F2P game 40$ and makes a skin market because 40$ isn't enough money for them to not positively develop a simple survival genre game.
Posted: December 8	330	440	None	747	9.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 23
												I paid money for this and now its free. Really? May i get my money back?
Posted: December 8	0	32	None	747	53.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 15
												This game was off to a rocky start and continued doing so, bullet reg was rediculous at point blank range with weapons and the bullet drop was horrendous. They never fixed their issue with the game of the FPS and they screwed over the people who played this game for the PVE aspect of it via Just Survive. They also expect you to REFUND THROUGH STEAM which is impossible to do via the fact it's over 2 hours of gameplay you can't refund anymore. You also can't refund if you bought it during when it was double pack. Daybreak should be refunding people personally themselves as there were crates to be bought before they ended their Just Survive without telling people they were closing servers.
Posted: December 8	8	36	None	747	220.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3
												i pay for this and now its free ! I also pay for the just survive and now they shut down the game ! F*ck off Daybreak it's your last game i bought !!!!!!!
Posted: December 8	744	7851	None	747	521.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								stephen hawking runs better than this game
Posted: April 8, 2016	6	84	None	196	282.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game gets worse every time they fix (screw it up more) it. I think its time they give up on programming. This game gets 10 thumbs down.
Posted: April 8, 2016	14	134	None	196	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								DayBreak Games is just out for your money, they want that fat stack in your pocket and ain't gonna stop at nothing to snatch it from you.
Posted: April 8, 2016	4	106	None	196	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								I idled for five minutes in the login in screen to tell you to not buy this game. I played H1Z1 prior to the split in games, and it wasn't worth the $20 then, and that's when it included survival and BR.  The game runs like garbage, and now the devs are going against their promise for the game to eventually free to play, and rather splitting their games in hopes of getting more money.It's a disgusting business practice, and I urge you to not support it.
Posted: April 8, 2016	21	98	None	196	101.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								不得不说游戏是好游戏，让我熬过无数通宵.让我和朋友一起感到快乐,可玩性质很强,但是外挂太多 飞天遁地无所不能 斗宗强者恐怖如斯 优化一般 无数次被外挂杀死羞辱 国人素质也普遍低 实在让人寒心 现在游戏也卸载了 如果要更新的话   请大改 不要小优化 小更新也希望大家别开外挂 没意义 辅助那么贵 大家好好玩 一起快乐 比什么都强 我真的希望看到大家一起其乐融融的样子 不要开挂 谢谢 陌生人感谢你们                                                                                                                                                                         Have to say that game is good, let me through countless overnight. Let me feel happy with my friends, can play the nature is very strong, but too much Flying dun land omnipotent Bucket of the strong terrorist Ruth optimization generally countless times killed by external humiliation Quality is generally low It was the chilling The game is now uninstalled If want to update Please overhaul don't optimize small updateAlso I hope you don't drive external auxiliary so expensive and meaningless We have fun together happy ratio what all strong I really want to see you happy together Don't open up Thank you thank you stranger
Posted: April 8, 2016	10	90	None	196	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30
												♥♥♥♥ this company
Posted: April 8, 2016	4	86	None	196	1,030.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
Early Access Review
								Game updates are destroying the game. Keep changing things that players don't want.
Posted: April 8, 2016	5	66	None	196	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								On highest setting including render distance, player dont even look remotely close to people. There often naken stuck in Tpose or naked stuck in a sitting position making any distance fighting unfair clunky and horrible. Seeing details such as gear,guns etc impossible to spot. Also makes shooting them UNFAIR.
Posted: April 8, 2016	13	184	None	196	800.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								game is dead now, because the game is trash.Devs destroyed a half decent game
Posted: April 8, 2016	16	50	None	196	779.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 6
												It used to be fun but then they ruined it and basically killed themselves. They never listened to the cumminity and the kept making it worse every update.
Posted: April 8, 2016	14	30	None	196	100.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								GAYBREAK
Posted: May 18	32	92	None	245	38.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 18
												I will recommend this game if you live outside South Africa or Africa. Since last update they implemented ping restrictions so we are unable to join any competitive server. Quite annoying update, just started to like the game. Just to make it more sad, we purchased it before it was Free to Play. But since I can only play Auto Royale and Combat Training I do not recommend this game.
Posted: May 18	1	103	None	245	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is so bad. Yet another game that has fallen into the trap of releasing paid for skins, instead of actually improving the game
Posted: May 18	39	180	None	245	1,347.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								I'm updating this review after several months::: I had kept a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of faith that this game would eventually be fixed and blossom like it deserved. God the idea of this game was amazing, out of any BR I've seen, this one really attracted me and had me hooked for a good year, and, quite unfortunately, Daybreak Games work their piece of art like a Stalin worked his country, doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about the people, just wants power, or in Daybreak's case, MONEY. Like god damn do they out all of their work into crates and ♥♥♥♥ing thousand dollar tournaments when their game ISNT EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING FINISHED. I still don't want to give up complete hope in this game, but since it's overall gotten worse with it's old problems like bugs and exploits, but now they're adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥ additions to the game thought up in their Cheeto dusted, Mountain Dew stained office, instead of listening to the complaints of every single player; it seriously seems like they're completely ignoring it's community and doing♥♥♥♥♥♥all by themselves. They're game is sinking in the grave, and PUBattlegrounds is rising above, with a game that isn't 100% broken,♥♥♥♥♥♥it just came out and it has a million less bugs than H1, over-exaggeration but you get the point. If Daybreak doesn't pull their heads out of their asses then all hope is lost and their company will be driven into the ground. Their's my update, take my hours into account that I know what I'm talking about that this game is dying, instead of assuming I love it and blowing this off and typing a vacuous comment saying "YOU HAVE 800 HOURS YOUR OPINION IS IRRELEVANT" while beating your shriveled 12 year old♥♥♥♥♥♥and fingering your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, pre-pubescent degenerates.
Posted: May 18	9	306	None	245	392.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								I have a lot of hours in H1Z1 and I really enjoyed it, however with the ever growing battle royale genre, H1Z1 is now lacking depth. With this being said, PUBG seems to be headed in the right direction but ultimetaly it is all personal opinion.Do you prefer fast paced, an arcade style, and goofy mechanics? - Then play H1Z1If you prefer more tactical, realistic graphics, weapons, cars, and overall mechanics. - Play PUBG 
Posted: May 18	17	110	None	245	298.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Ever since the game was seperated, my frame rate turned into garbage. Even if I try to fix it in game or useroptions, nothing seems to work. Also the game crashes way more. Also a lot more people like Bobby Shmurda are cheating.Apparently God plays this game too. He took away my character's soul while running.
Posted: May 18	1	14	None	245	138.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								DEVELPOERS DOSENT CARE ABOUT THE COMMUNITY. They haven't fix any BIG bugs and glitches. BROKEN GAME.
Posted: May 18	218	365	None	245	2.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Give money back ! xD
Posted: May 18	22	123	None	245	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Most broken game ever played. Devs can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.
Posted: May 18	33	70	None	245	24.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥ You wanna get into a quick game with your friends? Nope, 25 minute queue times despite the estimated time being 25 seconds. But wait, when you finally get in, your ♥♥♥♥ing friends are in a different game! OH, what's that? You want to use your weapon or get into a car? Sorry, you can't because everything just ♥♥♥♥ing glitched out and now you are playing avoid the gas simulator. I'd return this game if I could, don't buy it unless you are looking for reasons to put down on your suicide note.
Posted: May 18	37	156	None	245	176.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game. Daybreak doesn't even try to fix bugs.. BUT DON'T YOU WORRY, THEY HAVE PLENTY OF CRATES AND MICROTRANSATIONS FOR YOU.
Posted: February 28	4	66	None	227	210.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												I honestly did love this game, but it has just been slaughtered by the devs and out classed by other BR games. Not even sure why I'm even reviewing this♥♥♥♥♥♥at this point as it is plumeting to its inevitable death. However, if you are new and thinking of buying this game, just know that the only people that play this any more are very good players who have been playing it for the past 2 years and will kill you in seconds ...Yeah, please just avoid this game like the plague.
Posted: February 28	50	446	None	227	57.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bug list (not complete)- No mouse in the menu after alt tabbing - random game crashes - random game removals (in waiting lobby) - game randomly closing in the menu - lobbies are bugged ( sometimes when playing in a group of five not everyone gets placed in a queue)- cars that keep driving even after you fully stopped - guns spawning without ammo- ammo bugging in the ground- guns bugging in the ground- character occasionally spawns without a parachute - character occasionally spawns in the ground - cars are not synced correctly - cars flipping over randomly ( even on flat ground) - cars losing health without any reason - very poor performance even on decent systems- losing hp when jumping from a 4 feet high rock or any other object- very poor servers - loading bug (fixed)- sometimes doors appear to be locked when in reality they are open  (fixed)- hitmarkers on dead bodies?? - random disconnects - bugging through rooftops when landing with a parachute on it - sometimes you can't click anything in the menu after starting the game - locked parachute ( can't control where you are flying at) - locked guns when the server is dying - fps drops when shooting - occasionally when pressing the button m for map the game sound disappears and the map does not open - not being able to open the map - not being able to open the inventory - cars randomly exploding (fixed partially)- being able to start a car without using the hotwire function and without keys - you cannot control on which side you are exiting cars (random)Other negatives: - anticheating system is a joke (Battle Eye)- bad map design ( objects blocking entrances to buildings) - netcode/hit reg is a joke tbc--->>>>>>> http://store.steampowered.com/app/578080/ 
Posted: February 28	6	50	None	227	413.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good idea, bad developers.
Posted: February 28	2	94	None	227	91.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								255 hours on h1z1, certain bugs have been in the game for a year+.. Also they split the game into 2 and charge an extra £15 for the same game and no new updates pretty ridiculous. I wish steam would stop allowing early access games to be bought as once developers realize the majority has bought the game they don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it anymore.
Posted: February 28	1	68	None	227	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Okay so let me just start off by saying just don't buy this game. Biggest waste of 20 bucks there is. Bought this game a long time ago before the two h1z1's separated and you know I played from time to time. And so the separation came and I forgot my password like some of us do as well right? Yeah so I feel like playing this game for the first time in a month but I'm locked out of my account. All cool I try to reset my password but in order to do this I need to provide a secret question that I CANT RECALL MAKING. So I decided to write to the support of H1Z1 in order to get my account back and so I see some pages that they have on getting your account back and stuff and I see :Real name:Daybreak Username:Name on Credit Card:The last 4 digits of the Credit Card used on the account:Current answer to your Security Question:And thats the information I cant provide since I don't know the answer to my secret question but Hey theres another option -If you do not have all of the above information, please prepare as much of the following information as you can:The full billing address:E-mail address: And I'm like alright let me do that then and so I do then I wait 2 days for a response which is pretty ridicolous. Okay all good they reply but their response is that I need to provide the answer to my security question before we keep going with the recovery of the account which as I already said I didn't make therefore I don't know the answer to. And I say so in the reply but they keep on insisting on the security question which I don't know and the guy said that if I don't answer he will close the support ticket and so he did. Overall decent game, terrible fu*king support not worth it once you lose your account it's gone cause the people that are suppoused to help don't do anything to help :)
Posted: February 28	18	227	None	227	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								You want a game with Battle Royale done right? Go buy The Culling. An infintely better game.
Posted: February 28	29	314	None	227	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Wow what a let down for the community! Making a game F2P after people paid for it 10 days after the release! just Don't support this scam!Btw: a 92,99€ Limited Editon Battle Royale Pack WTF? Those devs are milking the already dying community!Stay away from this game! 
Posted: February 28	94	1889	None	227	330.4	Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								THIS IS MY OPINION. SORRY IF YOU DON'T AGREE.ALSO PUBG HAS FIXED ALOT OF THINGS I'VE STATED. REVIEW WAS POSTED JUNE 21st.If you're stuck between PUBG and KOTK let me just break it down for you. KOTK PROS -•	Fast paced •	Better audio all the way around (in my case at least)•	Will run much better on most low end computers, don’t try to buy PUBG if you don’t have at least a decent computer•	Nice art style•	Consistent updates•	Simple•	Very entertaining with friends•	Spawns are completely random•	Good time-to-kill ratio with headshots (as in feels correct when shooting, I feel like I'm doing damage)•	Car mechanics work fluidly in this game•	Great skins•	Ranking system is greatKOTK CONS –•	Hit or miss when it comes to hit registering (better hope you’re lucky)•	Shotgun is kind of broken and in an awkward slightly OP stage•	A few very minor bugs•	A 1 in every 500 chance you run into a hacker of some sorts, most are killable but some are top notch•	Game ends in a few set areas so it gets old after a while but a new update will fix that•	Not many different variants of guns (new one coming soon)Overall I love KOTK and I personally prefer it, but I’ll still put it to you straight on PUBG.PUBG PROS - VERY CONSISTENT UPDATES•	Very realistic looking graphics and weapons•	Weapons can have attachments•	Huge map•	Hiding is pretty good (especially in wheat fields) which may be a con for you•	Map helps you find your way easily (very noob friendly)•	Ability to choose where you land to a degree•	Many different map settings•	Weather occurs•	Character movement is absolutely dope in my opinion•	There’s boats•	More weaponsPUBG CONS – •	Misleading weapon mechanics and time to kill •	Cars are clunky and all around just do not work well•	The ability to choose spawns makes players spawn in a very linear line which isn’t my favorite honestly (and no you cant reach almost any point when you drop out, you can go pretty far though)•       100 (from what I've had in games at least) people spawn compared to 174 in H1Z1 which just makes H1Z1 more actioned packed•	Sounds are terrible, and I mean terrible, if you’re like me and rely on sound a lot in games this game will upset you highly as in you can't normally tell where shots are coming from if you hear them (I have Razer Kracken Chroma's 7.1 in perfect working order and audio settings are perfect, that being said gunshots and things of that nature are very hard to pinpoint which i don't like)•	Kick and bullet drop on weapons seems to be not as polished in my opinion then KOTK•	You have nothing to really play for, there are ranks (stats wise) but H1Z1 has a way of making you feel more rewarded with placements (yes you get points at a end of a game in PUBG so you can get your 6 cent skin)On the bright side of things, I do believe PUBG has a way higher ceiling then KOTK so it could easily prove me wrong.So there you have it. I was trying my best to not be biased but overall KOTK is my game. Don’t get me wrong, they are both good games and have their own futures. Should be great to watch them grow. Hope this helped. Later.
Posted: February 28	5	31	None	227	58.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												I will preface this review by saying that I actually highly anticipated this game prior to it's release as it was initially promised to be F2P, I held back from buying it throughout "early access" so this may influence my view of it.To start will the positive elements: the map design is actually quite decent, no part of the map feels too populated not does it feel overly empty. Building design perhaps is a bit linear but the overall layout of everything makes it enjoyable to play.The general BR/Hunger games style battle concept is one that I think a large portion of people will enjoy and at times I do enjoy it.Visually the apocalyptic setting fits well with overall feel of the game, despite it having somewhat poor visual fidelity in comparison with other games in it's genre for example Fortnite, PUBG, but it is to be noted this was initially released around 2015 from what I recall.Optimization has also apparently been greatly improved from what I have been told as well in the last few months, but I cannot personally attest to this.Now for the less positive elements: The fact this game was released when it was does not excuse the number of visual glitches and bugs that plague the game for there are many, and it defiantly does look like a F2P title (although this does mean it is playable on far older rigs). It is to be noted that there a number of locations on the map you can glitch inside of buildings you should not be able to enter. For evidence of that you can check my H1z1 screenshots.There is also a somewhat strange issue with mouse sensitivity, this game has no option for raw sensitivity that you can enable in it's menu and has a curious sense of mouse acceleration even when there is none.You must physically enter the user options in the game files to enable raw mouse input, this is notably annoying.The shotgun also rules the roost in terms of weapons and this game does favor a more jump filled run and gun style, which can be a positive or a negative depending on the player.I would suggest if you are thinking about trying the game, you might as well seeing as it is free, but I do have to mention some other issues. I am highly disappointed the original reason for my desiring this game, the survival/zombie element was made into a separate and less developed game.Splitting the game in two to me was not a good idea as it greatly limits the amount of content in it.I also see a great deal of ethical issues with the lack of the publicity on this game going free to play. After it's devs it was to be F2P they backed off on the idea and stated that it was no longer. This was some time ago but they defiantly did not publicize the games F2P release heavily until after a week or so of exiting early access, during this time it was for sale at 20$ in Canada and I know of a number of people who brought it not aware that it was going F2P.That is a seriously shady thing to do imo.
Posted: February 28	10	193	None	227	395.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is in alpha mode for like an year now...they split the game to make more money, and still, same bugs, same gigantic queues on battle royale.Its just disrespectful. Dont believe the " early access"tag. Devs dont care about the game. They spent 3 months developing an "hospital" a building inside game, but havent take a single day to work on the ridiculous queues in battle royales. Me and 2 friends bought the game, and once we die, we have to wait 15 minutes to join a new Br.  Imagine playing like that. If this was a temporary thing i wouldnt complain, but this exists every since day 1 of h1z1.0/10
Posted: January 25	233	437	None	274	274.8	Recommended	
Posted: January 25
Early Access Review
								===[ ❤ Audience: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☐ Casual players☑ Pro players☑ Tryhard players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☐ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]===☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☑ Minimum☑ Medium☑ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☑ Hard (first few hours)☑ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☑ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]===☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Bugs destroying the game☑ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]===Multiplayer: YESSingleplayer: NO
Posted: January 25	2	20	None	274	631.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								So anyone in the dark, this used to be a game mode in H1Z1 and is now it's own stand alone game. The split was unnecessary and it reflects a poor quick cash grab on Daybreak's part. Even within their devblog updates, they fail to give any legitimate reason why they should sell 2 products for double the price and change nothing (aside from taking away Green Dawn). There are similar Battle Royale style games that are sold with plenty of other Survival games that are just as comparable, and don't encompass an entirety of a $20 purchase, but are instead an added feature or game mode, as this used to be. Get Rust or DayZ, which offer this and many other game modes, and what I would consider a more tight experience. As an alpha game, this is just dizzying and not worth the money, and it's not even a complete experience. Having already owned H1Z1, I still play it, and it's an enjoyable game, but it's not worth it, and a company that would try to pull something like this is not worth your cash. Sorry Daybreak; ya goofed!
Posted: January 25	1	20	None	274	6.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Error g99 simulator f@ck this $h1t my entire hour in this game was a sad attempt to fix this freaking errorrest in peace old h1z1 I liked u
Posted: January 25	88	1266	None	274	29.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Don't waste you're time or money on this microtransaction garbage get PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS which is also microtransaction garbage
Posted: January 25	64	482	None	274	361.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Fashion contest with guns!Millions of bugs and balancing issues,Concentrating on micro-transactions instead of optimizing the game. Kappa*EDIT* Don't get me wrong the game is good if you look past the countless bugs and memory leaks etc.
Posted: January 25	18	145	None	274	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								As close to a full-on scam as you can probably get without Valve actually stepping in.
Posted: January 25	7	82	None	274	236.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game has potential, it has had potential for the entire 18 months it has been in early access. It's a shame then that the absolute pirates at Daybreak Game Company cannot work through the issues this game has. Updates to the game mechanics and interface have been consistently laced with flaws and are mainly there to placate the player base and allow Daybreak to sell more crates and keys. You would think with over 1 million early access sales and their ever consistent crate updates that Daybreak might be able to employ some competent developers.
Posted: January 25	7	82	None	274	1,563.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								I loved this game. I spent so much to make my self look so good. I put so much time in this game to learn and eventually become royalty. One day I got my first win, a lot more followed after. I became a royalty player hitting 15+ kills a solo game and even more in team games. I use to watch stormen he said you need to practice the muscle memory for two taps. I finally managed to keep pulling two taps. But within September the game I loved so much changed to compete with PUB. This game was different for the fast pace skill level game. Now I get killed by a un ranked player or even banned for killing 2 players fighting each other because apparently I'm teaming. This game isn't how it use to be. My love for the game has gone.RIP H1z2 hello H1z3
Posted: January 25	16	151	None	274	1,767.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								The Game Idea is realy great and fun to Play! But at it current state this game is poop... Way to many bugs and glitches, very bad programmed.Please Daybreak how about you kick out your bad Devs for this game and get new ones who know HOW TO PROGRAMM A SHOOTER......
Posted: January 25	71	137	None	274	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 31
												Why did I pay for this?
Posted: March 21	13	85	None	48	192.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 21
												I like h1z1 but most i liked olddest version of this game
Posted: March 21	35	313	None	48	119.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 7, 2016
Early Access Review
								I'm writing this review because i was just in a game with a friend, everything froze for me for 8 seconds and when it worked again the car had exploded and killed us both. The game before that we had to start again, because he got kicked, the game before that we got oneshotted by obvious hackers, the game before that 15 people spawned near me and i had a reload bug.I think you get what I mean, the concept is awesome and the late game is thrilling, but the developer decides to push 25 skin crates and twitch events instead of fixing the most broken game I've played for a long time.In a good, skillbased multiplayer game, you control the outcome of a fight and you are to blame for your loss. In h1z1 it's not your fault 75% of times.
Posted: March 21	7	154	None	48	782.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Don't buy the game!The devs are absolutely clueless. They let cheaters, teamers, team killers to wreak havoc, but not once they banned innocent players. It could have been their gold mine, but most of their decisions just harmed the game. They are lying daily in reddit, commenting mostly on the positive feedbacks, while the avg. player count drops every day. The gunplay was never too great, but now they just introduced 'bloom' with the combat update, and even with the community outcry they won't touch anything. The skill gap worsens after every patch. They want it to be a competitive, e-sport game, while making the dumbest decisions ever. The game is going downhill and now nothing will stop it.They change the texture every few months, give us a few new POI, so the end games are more likely to be decided by RNG. Optimization worsens by the time, some high end PC has micro stutters, but since it doesn't affect the majority of the playerbase the fix is not a priority for them.In solo, if you kill somebody, they will probably curse you, scream and/or tell your positions to other players in the most squeaky voice even if it doesn't benefit them. The only consistent thing is the new crates every month or two, although you can't sell the items in the steam market. They give too many free stuff out to have a consistent, normal market.The game won't ever leave early access, and we didn't have a normal game season yet. They also just tell you half a day before the preseason ends so sometimes you won't have the chance to reach your goal.It's still basically the only fast paced BR game as it is now, and i still recommend not to buy it. I didn't even have the time and mood to write down everything that is wrong with the game. You can refund it, if you played <2 hours, or try PUBG, if you are into a slower, boring BR. The BR community probably has to wait for an actual good game./The review is not yet complete, but it has my main points/
Posted: March 21	199	457	None	48	68.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13, 2016
												Just get PUBG, it's not broken like this game... oh wait.
Posted: March 21	19	290	None	48	113.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Most bugged shît game in history even after like 5 years in early access, wait for Playerunknown's Battlegrounds or get Arma 3 if you want to play a good Battle Royale.
Posted: March 21	175	1036	None	48	217.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 19, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								say this was helpful because i didn't actually receive it for free
Posted: March 21	1	29	None	48	1,517.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								gone from the best to the worst gg game
Posted: March 21	94	56	None	48	408.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game has more bugs than a forest.
Posted: March 21	45	110	None	48	165.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								"Daybreak Game Company" more like "They Break Games Company". No for rlls hackers everywhere, asians everywhere, with that ping that helps them teleport 20 miles away from the target and still get a 2 tap, servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ they don't fix the game at all, they only add new skins and thats all, there is only battle royale no events nor new game modes.I would give this game about 1/10 fun with friends thats all.
Posted: March 21	63	103	None	48	118.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
												Bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥game for survival, but they abandoned it and made it a battle royale mess.Honestly hope this company goes bankrupt and burns down.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1 ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: February 18, 2016	38	558	None	217	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Take 1 $20 game. Split it into 2 $20 games. Microtransactions for both. Just like PS2, Landmark and EQ:Next this game will remain in the state it is with promises of more features and delivering on a few to keep you hungry for more. This is a company that really needs to go out of business.
Posted: February 18, 2016	5	59	None	217	982.8	Recommended	
Posted: October 29
												I've been with this game for a very long time, and it's been a rollercoaster.It was the best game possible about 2-3 years ago, before Z2 came, and before the infamous Combat Update that absolutely destroyed this game, but what about now?This game has a very small playerbase, VERY small, at any given time while I play, no matter which game mode I play, I know at LEAST 10 people in the lobby, assuming there even is 10 players in a lobby. Everyone knows each other, if you play enough anyways. The game has lost its playerbase that it had a long time ago, there's no denying that, and there really isn't anyone to blame. The devs do what they're told, it's that simple.Jace Hall, a relatively new addition to the team, is working his♥♥♥♥♥off to bring back the game though. I don't know much about the guy, but he knows what we want, and what the game needs. He's promising a lot for the game, but so far he's done a lot and there's no reason to not believe him. It's free and doesn't take up a lot of space, give it a try for cryin' out loud, there's no reason not to. Be warned though, the community is small but the players are very good. The game is hopefully making a comeback, and we're counting on you Jace. Fix 'er up good.
Posted: February 18, 2016	35	156	None	217	34.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												RUS:Да чтобы они подавились деньгами, они жестоко мрази поступили с покупателями в ранней разработке, и чтобы их игра накрылась и разорились. Не играйте в это ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о!ENG: Yes, they were chained to money, they were eating money from buyers in early development and that their game was covered in♥♥♥♥♥♥and destroyed. Do not play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: February 18, 2016	1	15	None	217	9.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								The worst "survival" game of them all. Pretty much total trash. Save your money and buy something worth it.
Posted: February 18, 2016	5	65	None	217	23.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								As someone who likes the game enough to say yeah it's a great game, the dev's really cucked themselves by splitting the game in two and not only making them both separate purchases but also making it so they are both £15 which is disgusting not going to lie.Plus, look at all those negative reviews...All because you got greedy. To reinforce what I previously stated you literally cucked yourselves.
Posted: February 18, 2016	6	4961	None	217	407.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								When I was 18 I was a stereotypical socially awkward nerd. I had really sh i t luck with women and I was afraid of each and every girl I came across. I was a virgin as well. I had only kissed a couple girls, not much other than that to be honest. My best friend, Liam, always got women. He always told me that talking to girls was easy and not scary at all, just don't be a scared little dog and do it. I always wished I had his confidence. I asked for help to get a girlfriend/someone to ♥♥♥♥ so I wouldn't be a virgin finally. He said he'd help me, I was so damn happy and scared at the same time.So one day he decided to take me to a party he was going to. He was content on getting me laid finally. I was nervous asf. I had a few drinks and I saw a girl I thought was a solid 8/10. A little feral though. Liam saw me looking at her and laughed. I asked him what was funny and instead he pushed me into the same girl. I apologised and was freaking out. Liam came over and said "This here is my boy, he acts shy but he's a ♥♥♥♥ing god. Treat him right." and took off elsewhere. The girl giggled and told me her name was Olivia. Even thought my autism kicked in and I was a complete idiot we hit it off. A guy she knew came over and told her to come have a smoke with him. She said yes as he grabbed her hand and started walking off. She asked me if I smoked, I have never but I said yes anyway cause I wasn't letting this dog take her away from me. I inhaled my first cigarette and naturally I had a coughing fit. They laughed but it was all good. 1 year after that party I was dating Olivia. She took my virginity and we hit it off. I started smoking more often because why not, life was good. I loved her more than I will anything. At least it was until Olivia dumped me. Olivia cheated on me with Liam. Multiple times. The love of my life and my best mate.I became immensly depressed and started chain smoking. At least a pack a day. I did this for a solid 7 months. One day I started to feel a pain whenever I took a deep breath. I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. I went to to doctor's to find out what was happening. I was so damn worried. My doctor said they'd call me with results after a short time.After a week my doctor called me up with some results. I was freaking the ♥♥♥♥ out at this point. He said I was all clear and lucky because my cells defended my body before cancer could take affect. I cried for 3 days out of relief. I beat cancer. Just for H1Z1 to give it back to me.
Posted: February 18, 2016	19	276	None	217	14.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Such a coincidence that the Devs started updating new features after PUBG started gaining Traction. You know... like simple things like spectating teammates after dying? Get PlayerUnknowns Instead, at least they are trying to update their game Same Concept better gun mechanics.*edit*Also, 90% of the haters nice VAC BANS.I was new to Battle Royale and started on h1z1, then Pubg came out. I prefer Pubg. But, when I played I feel that H1Z1 did not have simple features such as specator mode. This game has been in development for how long and didnt have specator? When Pubg was released they started rolling out patches supporting these SIMPLE features. My opinion is that Daybreak did not have any reason to use resources AKA money because they didn't have competition/reason to update the game. Overall, I feel that Pubg is a better game with better gun mechanics and is more refined.
Posted: February 18, 2016	7	18	None	217	24.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												give my money back
Posted: February 18, 2016	3	18	None	217	133.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 3
												I came here just to give this game negative feedbacks and view H1Z1 unfavorably !
Posted: February 18, 2016	25	142	None	217	28.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								If u want to buy  bugged game, where devs add new skins for real money and dont fix massive bugs, u strike right 
Posted: April 17	323	171	None	113	3.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 17
												For the love of god it's spelled paid, not payed.
Posted: April 17	5	69	None	113	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								complete♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 17	0	11	None	113	2,439.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pre-Combat Update - 9/10My only main issue pre-combat update were the occasional cheaters on asia pacific, and full spray AR, but both could have been fixed over time in my opinion.Post-Combat Update - 5/10-Full spray AR is now more effective than ever, and is now the main tactic used in the meta, the shotgun was nerfed into the ground and is now barely useable... AK fullspray at medium range is also far too effective. -They know they should have added recoil patterns to the guns similar to CSGO, but instead they added "bloom" similar to what destiny and other games did, this straight up ruined skilled gunplay as now shots are no longer predictable under recoil, as they randomly spread in a circle instead of an understandable pattern that may take skill to compensate for.-Cheaters are now more common than ever, and these are not the kind wether or not it is a question that they are cheating, more like they are straight advertising cheats for sale in their name such as "FuZhuQQxxxxxxxxxx" (FuZhuQun means auxiliary groups, which means cheating groups, and obvioulsy replace the X's with numbers) and for those who dont understand, QQ and YY are chinese social networks and instant messaging softwares, and they have their number in their name so you can contact them to buy their software, this is not speculation on my part, I know this because I have many many chinese friends that I play this game with and I have just asked them about these names etc without implying anything while asking.-Daybreak knows full well about this but they honestly do not care because if they have delayed bans they can make money off of the cheaters buying new accounts periodically.
Posted: April 17	0	11	None	113	807.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 5
Early Access Review
								Honestly they update the game with the intentions of fixing stuff, but every update the game gets significantly worse. sont buy this game unless it goes on sale for lik 2 buck
Posted: April 17	16	91	None	113	806.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is "decent" when it works, but the developers aka Daybreak are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and are inept at patching a game, it's pathetic. Shotgun damage seems more RNG than anything, but "supposedly" it works beatifully when connected by LAN.... yea great, let's all ♥♥♥♥ing have a LAN party like it's the year 2000. "Spectate Mode" was supposed to be release w/ Z2(new map and UI), but after multiple patches and supposed "fixes" it still doesn't work. Not to even mention the ♥♥♥♥ing car physics.Let me recommend to you the new and already at the same level if not better in some ways Battle Royale game to play. It is PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, currently in Closed Beta testing and guess what.... THEY ALREADY HAVE A WORKING SPECTATE MODE. Oh and when you run people over... THEY ACTUALLY DIE!? I didn't know that was possible to do, I just thought that it was really hard to program in those kinds of physics... well apparently if you work at Daybreak.So to reiterate, KotK is made by high-school graduates who are just chasing after money and invest more into advertising than into development, while PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds..... is in Closed Beta for <1 year and already at the same level as KotK. Oh right I should also mention that KotK is still in Pre-Relase/ Alpha for how many years???? If anyone from Daybreak reads this and has anything.... anything to dispute about this, go ahead and try. As you can see from my hours I have plenty of experience in KotK, was Royalty II top 200 players in Pre-season 1, and after that??? When I saw the direction this game was taking and how useless your patches were and how Daybreak was allocating their resources?? Yeah go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves, money grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥s.
Posted: April 17	43	119	None	113	6.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												So i payed for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ...... now i find out its free to play wtff !!! i want my money backkk
Posted: April 17	41	385	None	113	44.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								I dont usualy write negative reviews, but this game and it's technical page (if that's the right expression) is absolutely garbage.Don't get me wrong the gameplay and mechanism is all really decent. Its fun to play with friends, even solo. But when it comes to technical things I'm about to lose control and hit something.Talking about optimization in this game is probably main stream and I don't fully mind having 45-60 fps. but when I can't even alt+tab. Not even accidentally because then it ♥♥♥♥s up so hard that I have to force the shut down of the PC then is something wrong. And it's not even alt+tab, I can't even exit the game the way it's supposed to be exited. Cuz of black screen again and yea next shut down approaching. have to exit the game through task manager, and its like 75% change. On 25%  it won't let me so, forced shut down or try to sleep my PC which is like 50% chance aswell.Actually I could talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game all day long, but I feel like there is no purpose, people won't even read this or just leave negative thumb because they are the ones that like the game and they don't want to see negative reviews. So I'll end it here with words. That the gameplay is kinda good, if u have really good PC u probably can maxed out the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it and have good fps and probably u won't experience things I do.  But I hope it gets better for people with normal PC's.Didn't want to write this but after last playing I just had to. it was too much for me.Sorry for my englando and have a nice day lads, you will do better if you buy other games. Just sayin' :) 
Posted: April 17	0	14	None	113	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								lol
Posted: April 17	5	17	None	113	424.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								About 200 hours of troubleshooting100 hours of getting 2 tapped 100 hours of waiting for PUBG
Posted: April 17	10	70	None	113	758.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												Fun game, dev's let it die but are working hard to fix it now. Now that it's free to play, there really is no reason not to try it out if your pc can run it well.
Posted: October 10, 2016	12	104	None	190	240.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is a fun game, but i cant recommend it because the devs put more effort into money whoring skins hen they do making the game playable. Then they release a giant update making the game completly different before they even bothered to fix the game in the first place. If you're reading this day break (which you arent because you're too busy jerking off to the amount of microtransaction cash you're raking in when your player base is getting frustrated) then you need to fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game. STOP RELEASING SKINS AND FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!
Posted: October 10, 2016	1	26	None	190	257.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Please, don't waste your precious money buying this game.It doesn't worth it.
Posted: October 10, 2016	10	181	None	190	374.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Many issues and bad player base, including glitches and bad gameplay such as hit registration and dsync
Posted: October 10, 2016	4	29	None	190	4.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very fun and interesting game.Only downside is the fact that this game was actually meant to be Free to Play and now the whole game has been split down the middle, forcing you to pay for each.
Posted: October 10, 2016	38	161	None	190	100.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												''Now leaving Early Access''Game died ages ago.
Posted: October 10, 2016	17	268	None	190	438.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game 10/10.... until you play for a while and realize there is no incentive to keep playing. If you play solo and go at it as a lone wolf you will have a fun time and can bet on your performance to get dope prizes. The issue is when you want to play with your friends and enjoy the teamwork aspect of the game there is no incentive for performance. So even if you spend 30+ minutes and end up winning the game you recieve nothing not a crate or anything. How do you expect someone to keep playing a game with nothing to show for it? It is a very upsetting flaw and disappoints many =(
Posted: October 10, 2016	1	41	None	190	87.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Different name, same♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: October 10, 2016	5	50	None	190	10.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								This half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game is yet another example of how greedy game devs release half a product and then split into 2 seperate products that are incomplete and buggy as ♥♥♥♥, then keep it in alpha stage so they have an excuse for it.the idea of the game is good, but the game devs just want your money and dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about game qualitywould not recommend AT ALL
Posted: October 10, 2016	1	50	None	190	24.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								do not expect support from the support. the game is not bad but the support for sure is and also they have made some really poor design decisions. starting from locking out the steam market very early to the game split just to name a few. the game has a high potential but i fear they are not going into the right direction anymore. to bad, it really could have been great!
Posted: October 10, 2016	20	56	None	190	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Like someone took a♥♥♥♥♥♥in your eyes and charged you $20if you're into that sort of thing.
Posted: February 19, 2016	15	71	None	117	38.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Breaking News: H1Z1 is Devolving.
Posted: February 19, 2016	23	10	None	117	340.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 6
												Ubisoft style - buy today, free tommorrow
Posted: February 19, 2016	2	25	None	117	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								thay cut the game in to two and now selling them for more then when both were together 
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	13	None	117	12.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ went all in on battle-royal whilst neglecting the survival mode Now theyre a dead game cos PUBG ♥♥♥♥ed them
Posted: February 19, 2016	2	13	None	117	208.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1
Early Access Review
								lock IP from CN but still the fact that ChinaNO.1...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	10	None	117	710.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4
Early Access Review
								had potential to be one of the best games ever with a very unique beautiful 2tap mechanic but at this point with the devs behind it the game deserves to die devs killed this game
Posted: February 19, 2016	6	58	None	117	5.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do not buy any of the games, dont support the devs with your money.Imagine a game that has very little content, is poorly optimised, and is in pre alpha.Charging 20 dollars for that is absurd imo, now imagine half of the game being cut and sold as separate games, both costing 20 dollars. wich means you have to pay 40 dollars for the complete game, when earlier you only had to pay 20. wich was already too much imo. 40 dollars for a game with very little content is just absurd, and to top it of, it's buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and filled with hackers, and nothing is being done about it.The game has some potential, Battle royal is fun to play when it's not bugged out and hackers aren't flying everywhere. But i wouldn't hold my breath, the devs dont seem to care about the game at all.
Posted: February 19, 2016	134	109	None	117	251.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 12
												I just want Vanilla World of Warcraft
Posted: February 19, 2016	27	659	None	117	17.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								just get PLAYERUNKNOWN's BATTLEGROUNDS instead, don't waste your time with H1Z1
Posted: February 19, 2016	23	60	None	117	290.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 1
												The devs are wank
Posted: June 17	234	240	None	19	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 17
												Do not download if you are from South Africa.I downloaded this and the solo's, duo's and fives are all locked due to ping restrictions and the fact that there are no servers in Africa. What a waste of time
Posted: June 17	4	48	None	19	141.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 23
												I remember playing this game back in the summer of 2017 and It was a really fun game. This game had a lot of potential and espically since they had some great updates that give players better experience in the game. I especially like the logic of getting out of the car and you were able to gang up on someone without taking any damage because the game didn't use real physics. It was a blast to play with friends because it was fast pace cause everyone dropped from the same area and had to travel outwards from there. It forced people who wanted to get down quick to be prepare to fight. This game was fun and interesting at the time and I believe it's the first battle royal series. This game has a speical place in my heart and I had great memory with it. Now this game turn to the worse, the developers haven't fix some of the bugs and glitches that has been with the game for months and this new update with the weapons makes it digusting to shoot. In most fps game the character is the one shaking from the recoil which is fine because it makes it look realistic but what H1Z1 did was made your whole screen shake and it makes me feel sick and nauseous to shoot. The game still feels blocky and tacky when I move around and try grabbing loot. This game just feels worse to play and even when this game became free to play the queue is honestly dead. I played a match with only 13 people in solo and that was just sad to see. The developers did not take the right approach with this game and this will become their downside. I hope in the future this game will get some better updates and grow a new community as it can still be a fun battle royal but the developers need to take a different step for their game to make it unique and different compare to the other battle royal games like Fortnite and Pubg.
Posted: June 17	10	42	None	19	27.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Greedy Devs Simulator 2016.Do not buy this game.
Posted: June 17	6	42	None	19	66.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								Needs more work!!
Posted: June 17	479	133	None	19	58.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would rather buy Winrar.
Posted: June 17	19	232	None	19	105.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game has A LOT of problems. View distance on 3rd and 1st person is literaly broken. Bullet drop is incredibly miscoded/broken. There are servers in North America, but West only. There's a lot of lags and misconception.Good game concept, but this game is still the story of Early Access game that will give them money in the end and you will never have a good service as much as the price you pay for it. My personnal opinion: Don't buy until full release. Do not encourage Early Access games such as this one.
Posted: June 17	6	112	None	19	42.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Get Playerunknown's Battlegrounds
Posted: June 17	18	71	None	19	8.5	Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												there should be a tag on steam for battle royale at this point. this game is good, but if you have money i would rather get PUBG
Posted: June 17	290	196	None	19	8.8	Recommended	
Posted: April 27
												I paid $20 for this game now it's free? Okay...
Posted: June 17	19	362	None	19	64.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is a disgrace to the PC community. We are now paying double for a PRE-ALPHA version of a game mode that was already included in the main game: H1Z1. This is very clearly a cash grab. When you start developing a game, you don't decide to split it up and double up costs due to your company's own lack and misuse of budget. You are punishing the players and the community for a mistake in your own development. When you create a game and promise to keep it fresh and updated at least until release you keep the game running and keep the features coming. Both of which are not happening in this case due to a shady / money hungry development team. If you promise F2P in the future for your buggy PRE-ALPHA game and decide to go back on that promise PLUS go one further and make your incoming player base pay double for the same game we had prior to this split, you don't deserve the playerbase. For all players, new and old, we now have to buy skins for both "games" which are basically the same game and inventory format. Comparing this to CSGO, it is like having to buy skins for each game mode they offer, Casual/Deathmatch/Competitive etc. It is honestly ridiculous. Daybreak and everyone involved with developing / publishing this game, Get your heads out of your own asses.
Posted: February 26, 2016	2	21	None	186	128.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Was one game for 20 dollars. Now is 2 separate games for 20 dollars each. Fun but that is very shady of them to do.
Posted: February 26, 2016	27	226	None	186	0.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								buy pubg instead
Posted: February 26, 2016	5	15	None	186	25.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1: King of the Kill; 8.7 Hours on record, 8.6 hours spent in queue.
Posted: February 26, 2016	6	35	None	186	7.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Got a ban for no reason. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ life.
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	15	None	186	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								I didnt buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I bought a survival game that was supposed to rival the original dayz mods. Insted I got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥game with nothing to do, thats filled with hackers, and has maybe the worst dev team ive ever seen. I feel like we are all owed a refund.
Posted: February 26, 2016	1	55	None	186	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								It was supposed to be F2P on 2016 and now the split the game in 2, still charge for both and once upon a time it was a serious brand called Sony, now its some crap with lazy, hungry for money and slow devs :D sooooo if you want to waste your $$$$ do it on this game totally worth it, but if you want something worth it, then run away from this game!!!!
Posted: February 26, 2016	94	252	None	186	16.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												I paid £15 for this, then it goes free!? Give me my money back!Edit:And now you're gonna charge me for DLC, when I backed this game in early access! I should be getting this DLC for free, as it only costs as much as the base game when I bought it!
Posted: February 26, 2016	11	203	None	186	82.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								Riddled with bugs and glitches..
Posted: February 26, 2016	40	32	None	186	10.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░We are building an Army, to restore H1Z1 to how it was! Copy Paste this as a review to Have the Devs at Daybreak fix this ♥♥♥♥ing mess!
Posted: February 26, 2016	180	604	None	186	38.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								>Has slightly slower PC than other player>Spawns in slightly later than other player>lands slightly later than other player>Instantly dies to player waiting with shotgun>repeat 3 times>Uninstalls and plays battlegrounds10/10 very fair
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	12	None	35	161.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								the game is so broken Edit: the game is now kinda broken and kinda worksEdit: Buy pubg
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	29	None	35	7.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Don't buy this game. Oh! Yeah! Now is f2p maybe because the game was dying and following the system every f2p will have traffic. Also WHAT A ♥♥♥♥IN6 SCAM!!! Putting this on sale and giving coupons 4 free on the inventory. Before making it f2p. I hope plebs can have at least a decent pc to run a buggy game.  
Posted: February 27, 2016	9	26	None	35	149.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 22
												Well its free now soooooooooo, fortnite and pubg killed it
Posted: February 27, 2016	13	68	None	35	17.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								Probably would spend my money on a noose than buy this terrible bleach drinking-inducing game. I would rather cut my own♥♥♥♥♥♥off than spend my hours on this game. -9999999999999999/10 sony kill yourself.
Posted: February 27, 2016	10	37	None	35	36.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								The devs can suck a fat juicy one
Posted: February 27, 2016	14	23	None	35	8.7	Recommended	
Posted: October 25
												What happened to the zombies? Wasn't this a zombie game?
Posted: February 27, 2016	149	132	None	35	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: September 3
												i want to die
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	34	None	35	8.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game flickers like crazy in any settings above medium, in fact it is knwon that anything above medium is broken yet developpers let the settings high and ultra available to pretend it is there but in reality it just fools the user.Edit: in fact manually setting LightingQuality to 0 and make UserOptions.ini read only is a manual fix.You even have parachute control key mappings hardcoded in the game, you can change most of your key mappings but not for the parachute, the most important thing in the gameplay...In game there is a lot of lag even on the server of your region, to pick up an item you have to repeat the operation like 3 times without even moving a bit in order for your command to get registered by the server. Just to pick up a gun on the ground it can take 5 seconds being a sitting duck.Edit: and very-very often commands like the use of medkit are not taken into account which means death if you don't double check if the healing icon appear on the lower right of the screen.I could also talk of the game physics that are so crap that they're hillarous.Also the recoil of the guns is not like in any clever game, here recoil never resets so it means that you have to constantly reaim for all bullets fired and for people with a standard monitor it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because of remanency.Those crap dev could try to play Half-Life 1 which is 20 years old and done it correcly on release.Edit : last game i got killed by an obvious cheater, so there is decomplexed cheating.Finally this game is just promises that might never be delivered.
Posted: February 27, 2016	7	20	None	35	7.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !DING DING DING SHAME !
Posted: February 27, 2016	43	20	None	35	20.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Im not very good at this game, so when people start shooting at me, I hide and let my friends die.
Posted: February 18, 2016	14	192	None	45	105.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Im so diasapointed with Daybreak right now. They hype this uptade, lot of things gonna get fixed. what happends? its even more♥♥♥♥♥♥then before. im glad that i bought it in early Alpha so i dont have to pay 40€ for both games when i payed 20€ for both.King of the kill (or whatever)... its even more laggy now than before. items doesnt even spawn some games, som games 50 people fall to their death because you chrashland. Daybreak, a tip for you. kick everyone that works with the game and hire new people, that actually now what they are doing. and stop being such a money sucker. Its been nearly a year! and you havent even fixed the ♥♥♥♥ing scoreboard yet. took you nearly one year to understand that both of the helmets sucked. that the AK was to op. that ATV was bugged and you died sometimes when you used it. do i recommend this game? sorry, but after this huge fail of an uptade. NO!!!
Posted: February 18, 2016	25	200	None	45	39.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game daybreak
Posted: February 18, 2016	2	42	None	45	11.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5, 2016
Early Access Review
https://www.primagames.com/games/h1z1/feature/h1z1-should-you-pay-early-accessLiars
Posted: February 18, 2016	19	147	None	45	147.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								I hope the developers read these to see how many people hate this game
Posted: February 18, 2016	30	126	None	45	869.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 17
												Although this game has a jaded past, and the community is as toxic as it gets. This game actually isn't all that bad. It takes some skill, so don't expect to be good within 10-20 hours of playing, unless you have prior experience playing a BR. The devs are trying their best now to listen to the community and provide updates and content we all want. So, if you try this game and have a bad experience, I ask you to not give up, rather than to try again. This game is actually fun and deserves a second chance.
Posted: February 18, 2016	5	44	None	45	215.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
												rip off, servers closed game dead
Posted: February 18, 2016	159	250	None	45	138.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've uninstalled this game 4 times.
Posted: February 18, 2016	1	49	None	45	76.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								i wait in a wait time to play a battler royale for 10 minutes then when i fall in to game i fall through the map and die then have to wait 10 minutes again.  daybreak all they do is add content which breaks game then they try to fix game and when the game is finally mostly stable then they add new content and it breaks again!
Posted: February 18, 2016	13	273	None	45	199.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just go buy Playersunknown Battlegrounds. This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. they dont update it at all. Maybe every 6 months there is a little patch to fix a few things. H1Z1 had to email people to try and get people back. The have been promising special events for month now and yet to release anything fun.
Posted: February 18, 2016	57	568	None	45	20.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								just get PLAYERUNKNOWN's BATTLEGROUNDS
Posted: March 10	19	38	None	272	31.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Some people paid for this sh*t..
Posted: March 10	10	54	None	272	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								The Devs are lying money whoring Pieces OF ♥♥♥♥ F#CK this game
Posted: March 10	0	11	None	272	47.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
												So this game went F2P 1 WEEK AFTER IT CAME OUT OF EARLY ACCESS!!! What it gave players who bought the Early Access version: F*CKING NOTHING!!!!
Posted: March 10	11	27	None	272	99.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												Paid 19,99€ for nothing. Thanks Daybreak.
Posted: March 10	11	27	None	272	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								where is the zombies ?
Posted: March 10	2	11	None	272	389.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
												After watching Twitch, I decided to purchase this game. Boy, Was I let Down, TOXIC community, Skins become worthless "what game has crates that the skins become cheaper overnight" The gameplay is Destroyed, Sounds, movement, everything, Uninstalled and done.Now that that is said, lets talk about how ps4 is a Way better version of the game then this piece of crap.Ps4 had an almost completed game on release, compared to pc, which we all know has been the staple of h1z1, Graphics on ps4 are still better, the aiming is better, and now, a battle pass coming or is already available.We are sitting and waiting for this game to turn around and it isnt going to happen. Daybreak, you destroyed this. All these streamers that begged for this game to9 be fixed and you wouldnt even listen. Tthump is even playing fortnite, and ive seen that man breakdown in tears bnecause yyou guys have literally destroyed this game. and honestly at first I didnt notice right away, but then the queing got longer, and longer, and the "updtaes" or what should be called is "f*ckups"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, If you are really dead set on playing this game, just play it for free on ps4, This game on Pc is complete trash and will always be complete trash.PEACE Daybreak.
Posted: March 10	9	51	None	272	136.8	Recommended	
Posted: May 5
												this game is good but too many hackers and it need to competly go back to the old Z1 style like preseaon 4 
Posted: March 10	7	40	None	272	1,646.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								I only recommend buying this game to your enemies. They will rage and they will rage hard. It gets more and more broken for every freaking patch they put out and they don't ever fix anything. Don't give them your money, they don't deserve it.
Posted: March 10	7	32	None	272	121.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is the biggest piece of garbage I have ever seen.only four things in the game work properly:field gauzefield bandaidfield medical kits.44 magnumnothing else in the game worksthe leader boards are always wrongthe armor is either rng based or it increases the damage you take instead of reduce itstun grenades never workfrag grenades have a 50/50 chance of workingdamage from all guns is rngthere is about a 10% of killing someone by shooting them in the head even though the developers says it is 100%ATV are not for any terrian jeeps are also not for any terrian and are made of paper"bullet travel time" is about 1 second every 10 feetthe devs lie about fixxing problems in updateseven the exit button does not work so you are going to restart your computer to just leave the game
Posted: March 10	8	153	None	272	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Micro-transaction riddled cash grab.
Posted: March 3, 2016	6	66	None	55	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game hasn't made any progress since February 2015 and is still buggy as ♥♥♥♥. Can't recommend buying it.
Posted: March 3, 2016	18	100	None	55	48.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ You shot the guy 2 times in the head with shotgun from 2 meters and he still have 4 HP but he kills me with 1 bullet in the chest with AR15.
Posted: March 3, 2016	5	50	None	55	256.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								LOL this game is a joke. The devs are a joke. Please, I am begging you DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AND SUPPORT THE DEVS. They are so scummy it is incredible. I was ok with the game before the split but this is complete madness.
Posted: March 3, 2016	22	149	None	55	297.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is very fun when it's fun (20% of the time?)... However, the other 80% of the time, you'll want to rip your hair out, break your peripherals, and curse the developers. Vast majority of deaths are inexplicable -- for instance, you may shoot someone point blank with a shotgun only for that person to do the same to you and you are the only to die. When the death screen comes up, that person still has 70+ hp often regardless of whether or not they had armour. I could go on and on. Development is a disgrace. This game is a minimum of two years out from being a releasable game because the developers rarely update the game. When they do, they often improve one thing but degrade or break one or two other aspects. Is it worth 20 dollars? Yeah. Will you hate yourself for playing? Definitely. Note to new gamers: this game is not friendly to beginners. At all. Isn't even friendly to veterans like myself with 15+ wins.
Posted: March 3, 2016	0	8	None	55	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Garbage. Not even worth the 4.99€ price on sale, full of hackers and the worst optimization ever seen. Even without its tehnical problems PUBG is way better.
Posted: March 3, 2016	3	8	None	55	1,591.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22
Early Access Review
								this game is so bad they need to fix dont waste your money.
Posted: March 3, 2016	2	8	None	55	180.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥iest game ive ever ♥♥♥♥ing played, makes me want to hang myself
Posted: March 3, 2016	0	8	None	55	974.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												loved the game, had enough passion to support it for a long time, met amazing people and my love through it, will be always thankful for the great times we had while playing, watching, streaming and supporting it but you there comes times where you gotta take a break and think about unhealthy things in your life, especially in the gaming section. this game is one of it. another game that got lost in the process of development. bugs got fixed, new bugs came. weapons got changed, fixed, new were added. so many changes, yet mostly bitter ones. we never gave up our hopes for this game because it gave us great enjoyment but we gotta admit that it's over, this game is dead. and they realize it with every on going decision. now it's free 2 play. you can slaughter the "redcapgamers", it's frustrating, you work your♥♥♥♥♥of for nothing, just empty promises. almost every skin is copied with changed colors - so much love for details. Kappa There are still poor souls out there waiting for the z1 patch, for the old map, old look, old movement. and I would also but I'm not there from the beginning and you gladly didn't catch my attention from the start on.. but I just feel bad for them. I see friends who play this game, even through they all hate it, and they are going insane. this game makes depressive, at least at this point.It's like you see a friend getting treated bad by his girlfriend,  and you want to help but you can't convince him that she's bad for him... and she doesn't staaahppp. It's free to play, go for it. try it out. first 35 hrs were absolut horror. you will get used to it and need to give it some time til you are able to enjoy. still better than pubg. but I recommend fortnite. yes it's 5:30 am and I couldn't sleep. enjoy review. thanks for reading, k bye.
Posted: March 3, 2016	0	34	None	55	127.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								They're making players buy the game twice, and there are now even fewer servers to play on.
Posted: March 3, 2016	34	47	None	55	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best way to describe my purchase?Whoops.
Posted: February 27, 2016	8	73	None	1,979	21.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good luck developers, -with this piece of crap-.
Posted: February 27, 2016	68	117	None	1,979	18.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Free to play....huh can i get refund :p ;)
Posted: February 27, 2016	31	83	None	1,979	2,851.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 25
												Why would you make "Auto Royale" the trailer for H1Z1. Its honestly a joke... So, new players dont get to see what the main game is about? Hello? H1z1 Battle Royale has been out for 3+ years. You guys came up with this "Auto Royale Mode" 6 months ago. Wouldnt you think to advertise H1z1 Battle Royale first before Auto Royale? Nope I guess not.. So all these new players see this dumbass Auto Royale trailer and judge weather they want to try it or not. No one plays dumbass Auto roayle.. THE MAIN GAME IS H1Z1 BATTLE ROYALE?!?!?!?
Posted: February 27, 2016	15	132	None	1,979	14.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								I love this game. It's really fun and an amazing experience to play with friends. However, there are two things are that holding this game back. The streamers and the developers. Arguably, the streamers are the ones that made this game famous but as of right now, they are ruining it with the help of the developers. "There are two rules for success... Number one, never reveal everything you know."The Streamer. These are the people who cry and whine about stream sniping. I have to be completely honest, I feel sorry for these guys...  If you're going to complain about stream snipers then whine to the developers otherwise you're not going to play their game anymore, you need to shut up and get out. The laziness and the "♥♥♥♥ YOU, GIVE ME MONEY!" attitude from the streamers disgust me the most. They could easily put up a delay, blur out information, and block out the map... BUT, they choose not to. Instead, this is where the devs come into play..."Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power."The Devs. With very little to no proof at all, they will ban you outright because a streamer cried stream sniper. In fact, the devs don't even need proof, the streamers' tears and butthurt emotions show all the proof that he's a salty loser. You guys need to listen to the real community, the Steam reviews, the people on Reddit. Not to the dumbasses who stream and cry "STREAM SNIPER, BAN HIM!" whenever they get salty about being killed. At this point, there are possibly more innocent people banned than actual stream snipers. Go for the real problems, the hackers, the exploiters, and OPTIMIZATION. This is completely unacceptable and you guys are sucking the streamer's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ TL;DRDEVS, you guys need to man up and tell these guys to ♥♥♥♥ off. STREAMERS, if you got killed because you couldn't bother to hide important information, you're an idiot and you have no right to complain.
Posted: February 27, 2016	256	256	None	1,979	559.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								developers are clearly mentally ill. Wanna hear a joke ?What time do developers get up from bed to work on this game at? a) 7amb) 10amc) 1pmd) 4pm e) otherIf u picked 'other' and said 'never' then you are unfortunetly correct
Posted: February 27, 2016	4	44	None	1,979	15.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								They splitted the game to make that cash & get better reviews, you know what? You get money.
Posted: February 27, 2016	6	62	None	1,979	9.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								Cancer community,♥♥♥♥♥♥ass server, and ♥♥♥♥ed up company.
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	13	None	1,979	270.7	Recommended	
Posted: January 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								When it comes to reviews never believe people who are 100% positive or negative. They are generally full of ... Look for the middle ground.• Worth the $20? Yes you will get $20 worth of fun. • The concept? Amazing.• The implementation? Mediocre.• The updates? Few and far between. Never fixes real issues. Usually skins and false promises.• The feeling the first time you win a BR? Absolutely amazing.• You will enjoy the game, and develop a deep hatred for it at the same time.
Posted: February 27, 2016	13	118	None	1,979	205.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Horrible. Its so garbage now, all the skill you once loved in this game is gone. Make h1z1 great again.
Posted: February 27, 2016	51	584	None	1,979	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS
Posted: August 31, 2017	6	28	None	27	760.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Shotgun is not working since 2015.
Posted: August 31, 2017	19	38	None	27	2,068.6	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ But... I play with♥♥♥♥♥♥..
Posted: August 31, 2017	13	116	None	27	5.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												NOTE TO READERS:I appologize as I didn't realize that steam had a cap on review character limits, so I will link my blog here:https://plus.google.com/u/0/collection/YOUdYEand any further updates that I have will be available on this blog.BACKSTORY:ha, I have no standards. I’m always willing to try a game if it goes free to play, and I haven't really tried any battle royal games yet because I usually stand outside the hype and wait to see how the game pans out.in this case, Fortnite looked interesting, but I never really wanted to play it for some odd reason. PUBG looked cool at first, but with the game looking like a big glitchy mess, and the devs not really knowing wtf they're doing at the moment, I chose to hold my 30 dollars and wait for something else.I got the notification today that h1z1 went free-to-play and I figured I’d give it a shot. I’m always cautious about games going free due to some really shady practices. (learned this the hard way with payday 2) so, how were my first impressions with h1z1?FIRST IMPRESSIONS:So, from the get go I enter the game and go into a solo match. my first session was very weird as I was getting to know the game and still figuring out how things work. I got lots of items and weapons, but soon realized that I spawned myself across the map and not it the safe zone. I took this as a freak-out moment and I started running for the safe zone. safe to say, I died from gas, and I was decently high up as well, finishing the match at number 13th. I then quit out of the match and chose to navigate the game.exploring the menu I found it kind of a bummer that almost every kind of crate can only be unlocked with crowns (paid currency), I do understand this as the game is free and most of the crates strictly have cosmetics, but it would be nice to have an option to get them with at least a few thousand or so skulls (in-game currency). I found that there's lots of nice options for getting your own customizations on clothing, weapons, and vehicle skins. I chose to exit and go back into solo matches.this is a personal gripe, but I wish the game defaults to a higher sensitivity, yes you can change this, but I had a bit of a difficult time navigating menus mid-match to find and adjust these, because they were all so low. however, the game does have lots of options for key-binding.my next few matches usually followed the same pattern of either dying almost as soon as landing, or hiding most of the match and dying later on. until one of my later matches I hadn't actually gotten a kill, literally in my 1.9 hours played I only got one kill. talk about needing to git gud. however, after this I started doing some experimenting with the later matches and started giving myself lots of different spawning positions, this mostly had me launch myself straight into the densest areas to test my skills under pressure, spoiler alert: I’m not very good yet. but, for what it's worth, getting killed under pressure, or later in the game after camping was quite fun and tense.as for my stopping point, I’m currently a level 6, with a placement of 143 on silver level 3.GRIPES:no game is prefect, and this one definitely isn't immune. first off, who the f**k came up with the pricing on the bronze, silver, and gold dlc packs for this game? I know that it's all cosmetics, but seriously whoever made a few skins worth 100 dollars needs to go back to payday 2 and keep it there.secondly, I understand that the sponsored loot packs in the game can only be bought with crowns, but why are the crates that you unlock in-game opened with crowns as well? seriously, this kind of sucks that something I unlock is still kept behind a paid wall unless I manage to finish high enough on the leaderboards by the end of the season. please change this to at least unlocking them with skulls so us free players can still enjoy some (most likely) uncommon loot. we don't all have another 5 dollars to throw at a game for pixels.within the graphics optimizations, if you try to set the game to anything over 110 percent detail, the game lags out like crazy. I know it's not my laptop as well (Acer Predator 17 with NVidia 1080) seeing as how I can run more demanding games that this with ease. note: you don't need this to be at ultra-settings to have fun, but it still sucks to see some poor optimization here.POSITIVES:this game is quite fun, even on solo (seeing as how that's the only part I’ve tried so far). now, I may have a slight bias due to the fact that I haven’t tried other battle royale game, but I still enjoyed this. it's quite challenging, and the game gives a nice payoff for overcoming some tense situations, and leveling up. I think this is nice, and I will devote more time in the future towards this game.mind you, I didn't play this game when it was paid, so I can't compare it to previous versions until this one gets updated, so take my opinion with a grain of salt.REVIEW SCORING:Fun Factor (solo): quite fun and challengingFun Factor (duo): N/AFun Factor (squad): N/AControls: easy to learn (may want to change sensitivity)Graphics: fairly nice (needs a decent computer to run)Optimization: poorDifficulty: skilled (with a high learning curve)Microtransactions Ethic: poorOVERALL: 7/10 would recommend for an intro into "realistic" battle royale (like PUBG rather than Fortnite), and stay if you can deal with not purchasing many microtransactionsFINAL NOTE:this review will be updated (hopefully) after each of my play sessions. I will be reaching out to some friends to try the other modes after a few more solo matches. I will update on any further things that I notice in game, and on any updates that they add to the game afterwards. I hope to keep doing these until I reach 100 hours in game, and then optional updates after that point. I won't update the score or change to not recommended until I get a lot more playtime in this game, enough to find other things to either praise or gripe about.thank you if you read all of this, and I hope this helped you out. I’m sorry if this was a lot of reading to do. I don't post reviews a lot, so I’m trying to find a start. I will try to refine my reviews as time goes on, and I find better ways of presenting. thank you again and have a great game!
Posted: August 31, 2017	19	93	None	27	76.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Before you start saying "It's Early Access bro, 420 blaze it, china #1, SAMMIT" that I know most people that play this game would say... This game is buggy, and it gets worse and worse.  Today I died by a vehicle in 1-man BR while I was parachuting in. I spawned in and fell to my death way up in the sky.  Another time I was standing in a kitchen tearing up clothes to make bandages, and I died.  The kill message said "better luck next time", normally it says who killed you and how much life they had.  I have died 3 out of 5 times due to bugs, and in Just Survive people can glitch invisible.  Now before you say "it's in Alpha", this is where i say, I'm trying to prevent people from wasting their money on an unfinished game.  Wait until it is finished or comes out to beta, in probably 37 years.  There are plenty of other alternative games that are less buggy that you can play for a few years before this one is ready.  Do your research before buying a game!!
Posted: August 31, 2017	0	10	None	27	181.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Bug on top of bug.
Posted: August 31, 2017	0	10	None	27	117.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game would be far better if the bugs that have existed for months were actually fixed. With every "patch" they release more problems seem to occur as a result. Bump into a rock at idle speed in a vehicle with full health and it blows up, get shot in the chest with armor that doesn't get damaged, ridiculous drop shotting that they will never fix, terrible desyncing issues, jumping through walls on office buildings, roof exploits, hits that don't register. But they add a new reticle which wasn't necessary, change the fire rate of the AK, and a few other things that really didn't matter, very disappointing. It has so much potential to be a great game but the development team seems to have no intention of fixing actual problems with the game.
Posted: August 31, 2017	6	20	None	27	3,796.1	Recommended	
Posted: May 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								:)
Posted: August 31, 2017	18	70	None	27	19.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 26
												Goodbye to the money I paid for this game
Posted: August 31, 2017	156	130	None	27	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 10
												I really like the feature in which I cannot play with my friends in different regions.
Posted: August 31, 2017	3	35	None	27	439.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26
												seriously if they can still bring h1 back to the roots this game will still recover
Posted: June 25, 2016	54	147	None	49	16.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								How to make money, turn 1 game into 2 seperate without fixing bugs or changing anything.ggwp 
Posted: June 25, 2016	1	67	None	49	31.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14, 2016
Early Access Review
								I was wrong!In buying in the market said that.It will be exchangeable for a week.Unmarketable for a week.And now I can not but do it!
Posted: June 25, 2016	58	218	None	49	59.7	Recommended	
Posted: January 14
Early Access Review
								just get pubg at this point...
Posted: June 25, 2016	25	366	None	49	513.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do not buy this game. It is a cash grab from a very poor company who promises so much but delivers so littleIf you are from Australia they just removed the Australin servers so you won't be able to play anyway. Save yourself the pain.
Posted: June 25, 2016	23	32	None	49	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ H1Z1▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: June 25, 2016	22	251	None	49	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								Pros - Looks greatCons - Buggy as hell             Wait times are horrible             Lag Lag Lag              Hit registration is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>One word to describe the game? Mess.
Posted: June 25, 2016	418	204	None	49	12,702.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played a couple of hours. Would like a refund.
Posted: June 25, 2016	5	71	None	49	143.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								absolute garbage
Posted: June 25, 2016	3	17	None	49	4.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								It's been over 3 hours on the 2-man queue and I havn't been in a game yet. Was pretty fun before it split off, but I don't see why I would ever launch this game again unless it got a major fix.
Posted: June 25, 2016	1	17	None	49	84.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just some handy advice for the company that's making this game ( don't make another game after this). You guys just got lucky with this. It "HAD" something.Money whoring out all of your customers isn't the way to treat the ones that were intrested in your ♥♥♥♥ing game. Instead of making some ♥♥♥♥ing cases you guys should've made more weapons, more fun and more cars. Alpha = moneywhoring until no one cares anymore and drop the game...G ♥♥♥♥ing G losers.*New update came out called "fagnition"Another freaking reason to not buy this game, good idea for a gamemode yeah but ♥♥♥♥ over the shotguns and make them shoot across the map without an easy to control recoil... niceYou plebs can keep on recommending and I'll never care I'm just trying to warn the people reading this to NEVER buy anything from this company because it's terrible... They had a chance and they had to come out with 1 update of 1.1gb of pure horse♥♥♥♥♥♥Like come on? Think about it, you're having a stroll, some weird♥♥♥♥♥shows up with a shotgun 50 metres away and he one taps you with a shotgun... Very nice...I just have one question for you developpers out there, are you TESTING your updates?!
Posted: March 6, 2016	1	34	None	45	13.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ this mode when it was all part of the same game, they never shou;d have put this in, all it did was ruin the ♥♥♥♥ing game, but it paved the way for some smaller, better indie game studios to shine, I'm excited about The Culling, because this♥♥♥♥♥♥is about as whack as it could get.
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	12	None	45	294.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
												Since the game is officially released, i fix my review. This game is pretty solid contender for trash tier game awards.To know the latest. They officially released this game (Pretty much did nothing but push it out and call it full release) and charged people for the game. Once the hype went down a little, they decided to just push the game out as free to play so those who actually spent money on the game copy got massive slap in the face. Just fyi, the reputation alone on this game means nobody wants to go near it and the popularity often lasts from days to several weeks, after that it's dead game outside prime time.Don't buy this game folks.
Posted: March 6, 2016	7	12	None	45	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								actual♥♥♥♥♥♥game, queuing takes 2hours as soon as you get in game ur already ♥♥♥♥ing dead. ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game kys
Posted: March 6, 2016	3	12	None	45	10.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░H1Z1 is DED
Posted: March 6, 2016	3	12	None	45	22.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												wait this game is free now?!?!?! what the f**k man!!!! i paid $20 for this just to find its free, can't i at least get my $20 back or something?!?!?!? Even the game is not playable anymore!!! the mouse and pointed in game doesn't match up so where i put my mouse isn't where my mouse actually is, this is complete grabage now!!!!
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	12	None	45	553.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												This game was so fun back in the day 2016-2017.im not gonne say preseason3 or else are better but the game right now is just unplayble its just so diffrent then it way 2-3 years ago you guys could better just start from scratch from just surive engine because the game right now isnt that fun at all
Posted: March 6, 2016	69	268	None	45	14.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												No way, bought this game for 20€, what a waste of money Daybreak games is a joke
Posted: March 6, 2016	7	36	None	45	104.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 19
												Make the game great again. Just give us back old H1z1 king of the kill!!!!!!Too easy game now days.
Posted: March 6, 2016	8	108	None	45	243.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								At first I loved this game.When you have people spam in the pre game lobby with  selling hacks and 20 people in every game hack it makes it not fun to play. The North America server is way less hackers but I can't connect. It's to easy to hack. Playing in 5s some teams have all hackers. You can even que with a hacker wow. Report system don't work. Why all the Chinese move to American west? To get away from the hackers.If you plan on playing this game in Asia don't buy it go for pubg.
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	7	None	45	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Doubled the price, added microtransactions, lied about it being free.
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	7	None	451	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Doubled the price, added microtransactions, lied about it being free.
Posted: February 26, 2016	2	7	None	451	88.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								მოგიტყან გამკეთებელი
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	7	None	451	92.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game play and all is fine IMO, but ♥♥♥♥ the devs for splitting the game, money grabbing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Takes a solid 6 minutes now to get a 2 man BR going wtf!
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	7	None	451	6.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Since the split , the wait times are abhorrent , to queue up as a single in BR is 13 minute wait time.. you spend more time in the queue than in the game. I can't even be bothered with this game.
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	7	None	451	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Hahahahahahahahahaha! No.
Posted: February 26, 2016	6	19	None	451	54.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Douchebreak Game Company
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	7	None	451	17.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												trash, i cant believe i paid money for this
Posted: February 26, 2016	1	19	None	451	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game went to sh*t when SOE/Daybreak Game Company was purchased by an investment company.  The focus changed from game development to releasing the next monetizable feature.  Now H1Z1 is two separate $20 games... and the games will still have micro transactions!I feel sorry for the development team; I believe that they are really trying to release a decent product.  That's not what Daybreak cares about though.STOP BUYING EARLY ACCESS GAMES!
Posted: February 26, 2016	3	7	None	451	94.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11
												󠀡
Posted: February 26, 2016	1	7	None	451	370.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								First of all if you are reading this in contemplation on weather to get PUBG or H1Z1 then my answer is PUBG if your computer can run it, H1 has fallen so far from what it was and now all i get is , into a game land and die, as there is no skill gap and nothing to accomidate for different players i have to say this game is dying and with PUBG's larger player count the game is just a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥There are / have been no new guns and no physical gun modifications so all you are left with is the bad players and the VERY good players (there is literaly no way to improve) i will be however be coming on and off this game to see changes but over all i would not reccomend as the changes are small and inefective, such as the new shot gun centre pellet, this was supposed to fix the shot gun at close range and make it more reliable but all i get is either 1. kill someone form like 10 metres away 2. get a 10 hp shot and die and 3. get one bombed by cod rushers so my point is the updates do not work and if a player wants to play passive or fire from a far they either have to be a pro at judging distance or skillful enough to get the sniper which is only avadible in air drops which are virtually impossible to get as there is always like 5-10 people getting there at the same time.Finally i would like to see the game develop but the only way i see this working is to have games found based on your ability thus giving the game a skill gap and allowing people to actaully develop as a player, But in conclution dont buy the game if you acspect to be good in the first 100-200 hours it will take around 500 to get to a good standard so ireccomend PUBG (again if your computer can run it) because iplayed for the first time and within my first game iwas able to get a kill and pick up some skill and knowledge about the game, unlike h1z1.
Posted: February 11	3	7	None	1,168	94.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11
												󠀡
Posted: February 11	65	127	None	1,168	3.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												I like H1Z1 and all but will I get my money back now that its free
Posted: February 11	6	43	None	1,168	10.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 30
												Oceanic/ Australians: Don't bother. No one is playing the game. It's "fun" for a very short amount of time and just doesn't hold the number required to play.
Posted: February 11	29	148	None	1,168	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't buy this pile of crap. Buy The Culling instead: http://store.steampowered.com/app/437220/ (As long as you're not vacbanned. See: http://steamcommunity.com/id/iHeartZigg/recommended/437220/)  
Posted: February 11	1	26	None	1,168	142.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game doesn't even make sense anymore now when it has been splitted in 2. First of all, it has way too many bugs. Like falling through the ground. And second of all, I don't recommend you to buy it until it is free. WITHOUT BUGS.Third of all, They changed the game completely. Looting is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the connection to the server is also♥♥♥♥♥♥ The looting is completely different. Way to hard to find good weapons and way too laggy.  
Posted: February 11	5	57	None	1,168	35.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								I like the game BUT ! Splitting the game in two is just an excuse to make us pay more period. Now we are stuck with two early access titles. That means more updates and more glitches. Plus now the whole game takes about 13GB............Don't know what to expect in the future...
Posted: February 11	3	14	None	1,168	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								literally the ♥♥♥♥ing worst game i ever brought, it may havbe only costed $10 on♥♥♥♥♥but its worth ♥♥♥♥ing giving me money its so bad, i liteerally hope this game goes no where and the company goes bankrupt for me its 3/10
Posted: February 11	4	14	None	1,168	35.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												Pay for the game, game becomes free, you get a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cosmetics cuz u paid while the game was in early access. DAYBREAK! your game was perfect, it had everything a good battle royale game should have and you ruined it all. I hate you for it
Posted: February 11	0	21	None	1,168	150.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								made the game modes seperate and $20 USD EACH just another cash grab
Posted: February 11	0	21	None	1,168	17.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								"Better Update" This game ever since the update has turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Greatest loading simulator known to man if you don't mind the 10-20min wait then go ahead and download. The game isn't that bad when it comes to actually playing the game but it's not worth the wait. 10/10 best waiting simulator! Not to mention the amount of bugs for a game that's been out for quite a while now, kind of pathetic if you ask me.
Posted: April 5	140	99	None	15	16.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5
												Pros:You can buy some cool cosmetic stuff for under $1 on steam marketCons: Everything else
Posted: April 5	3	28	None	15	105.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 5	4	28	None	15	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Stop wasting your money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 5	47	155	None	15	117.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								I hope u like shotguns because it's the only thing u will see here.
Posted: April 5	48	129	None	15	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 10
												♥♥♥♥ off, i want my money back
Posted: April 5	73	143	None	15	2.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												No Refund?
Posted: April 5	13	49	None	15	826.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Fun. Fast paced. Frustrating. Addicting. Don't regret spending $20 on this game pre-split and early access. Glad to see it go F2P, so now everybody can give it a shot.UPDATE: Game is in a critical rebuilding state right now and Jace Hall will either lead it to glory or go down with the ship like a true captain.
Posted: April 5	140	110	None	15	10.4	Recommended	
Posted: September 9
												---{Graphics}---☐ You forget what reality is☐ Beautiful☐ Good🖾 Decent☐ Bad☐ Don‘t look too long at it☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}---☐ Very good☐ Good🖾 It‘s just gameplay☐ Mehh☐ Starring at walls is better☐ Just don‘t---{Audio}---☐ Eargasm☐ Very good☐ Good🖾 Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---☐ Kids☐ Teens☐ Adults🖾 Human---{PC Requirements}---☐ Check if you can run paint🖾 Potato☐ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boiiiiii☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☐ Just press ‚A‘☐ Easy☐ Significant brain usage🖾 Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}---☐ Nothing to grind🖾 Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isnt necessary to progress☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding---{Game Time}---☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee🖾 Short☐ Average☐ Long☐ To infinity and beyond---{Price}---🖾 It’s free!☐ Worth the price☐ If u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ You could also just burn your money---{Bugs}---☐ Never heard of☐ Minor bugs☐ Can get annoying☐ ARK: Survival Evolved🖾 The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Posted: April 5	102	321	None	15	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24
												i want my money back.
Posted: April 5	1	9	None	15	144.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hit reg is awfull shotgun is broken, No matter where you are you'll always get pinched by teams. Ping is a big thing in this game.
Posted: June 14, 2017	5	9	None	185	1,092.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								your game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. bunch of developers wannabes. learn to ♥♥♥♥ing code idiots.go on and ban me.♥♥♥♥ youEDIT:You almost did a good job with the new patch. Game still ♥♥♥♥ing sucks a major♥♥♥♥♥♥but I'd play it if h1 was the only game on the market. sometimes.
Posted: June 14, 2017	1	16	None	185	21.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS MY REFUND
Posted: June 14, 2017	2	16	None	185	35.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								1) Be the scum of the earth2) Charge the same amount for half the game 3) Profit
Posted: June 14, 2017	4	30	None	185	25.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								Daybreak atleast gives a clear example on how to NOT publish games and how NOT to maintain a good relationship with the players/community. 
Posted: June 14, 2017	1	58	None	185	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								So I learned this game used to have two modes with one involving zombies. The zombies aspect of it was taken out and split  during it's Early Access phase. Instead of being taken out completely, it was made into it's own game called Just Survive to milk supporters for more money. So I plaed this for a little bit with friends and noticed there were a few hackers here and there taking the fun out of the game. What really saddens me is that the developers don't do anything about it or seem so. Save your money and stay away from this game.EDIT:I just learned that this game has been in Early Access for 2 years. Truly pathetic. And with only one map this whole time? Seriously? PUBG came out in Early Access in March of 2017 and officially released in December. Now I gave PUBG a negative review as well but at least it’s a more competent game. And get this, with 2 maps and another one in the works. There may be cheaters in PUGB also but at least the devs of that game are willing to do something about it unlike the H1Z1 devs. Now no matter how many hours you have, you cannot deny this. Even people with far more hours than me on this game agree.
Posted: June 14, 2017	45	102	None	185	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Eat a fat one Daybreak
Posted: June 14, 2017	24	81	None	185	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												#givememymoneyback
Posted: June 14, 2017	300	178	None	185	1,089.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun game. Buggier than an african village though.
Posted: June 14, 2017	34	143	None	185	43.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												I spent 3 hours in the game and tried to get a refund, no luckAfter 44 hours I finally got pubg and quit H1Z1And now it's f2p, letting hackers just make a new account without a pay blockAbsoluty disgusting and a giant middle finger to whoever bought it
Posted: June 14, 2017	49	166	None	185	40.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
Defeat your enemies with a variety of Weapons, such as lag spikes, glitchy car physics, Inaccurate reticles, amazingly innaccurate shotgun hit registration, frame drops while shooting and random ping interruptions locking your weapons..It is in early access but a game can only be so faulty untill something has to give..Untill i can i can play this game properly without being disconnected or dying from a range of bullsh*t reasons. i wont be giving this game any more of my time. This game can stil have a good future, all the devs need to do is listen to dr.disrespect! (Slick Daddy Club ftw)The concept of the game itself is so unique, and the reason so many people play this is becuase there arent many alternatives. Lets hope that the market can get crammed with these battle-royale style titles and then find out who is left at the top...Nowadays PUBG has destroyed the Battle Royale genre with its sales. If you are looking for a far better, less arcadey, less glitchy, less skin infested excuse of a game. Please support the growing BR genre and get PUBG. ALthough i would recommend that you read some of the reviews of it first. It seems with each new BR game comes unique and painful issues!So in Conclusion-Survivalists: Play DayZ or Arma 3: Edict for hardcore survival experiences.Battle Royale Lovers: Player Unknown's Battlegrounds or Arma 3 Battle Royale.I would write an extended review, but it really isnt worth my time at its current state.If you dont think this game is worth a try, then Definetely dont get Just survive. its a watered down unsupported surivial version of this game..guess which one the devs are updating more..I just noticed last week that they changed all the pictures and name of it. lol like thatll help undo the damage.Now if youll excuse me im going to wait for this game for get out of early access..oops too late i already refunded it..-Kyle 
Posted: February 19, 2016	117	115	None	112	9.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								You’d have a better time playing Russian scrabble.
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	34	None	112	6.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game. RIP. Playerunknown won
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	11	None	112	470.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 25
												Good Game but...1. Listen to your player please2. Game is base on your cpu i got a gtx 1050ti but bad cpu and get 60 fps3. HACKERS
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	11	None	112	8.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very booring, bad optimalization. Thanks god i get the refund.
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	11	None	112	1,357.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 15
Early Access Review
								trash
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	11	None	112	128.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 4
												Give me old movement, recoil, sounds, nades, graphics, crouching, jumping, and plz don't try to do this game little "pubg". Ohh its too late ;/ I loved this game because she was different than other games like fortnite or pubg. H1 was the best BR but now she sucks. Plz Daybreak listen people and return Hizi to our best BR :(
Posted: February 19, 2016	4	11	None	112	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29
												Honestly with the game being dead it's basically just a shotgun meta and it's very hard to get into. It's not a bad gameIt does seem like a fun game but the stage it's at...I can't really recommend it but I will say it's worth trying out since it's free to play and not exactly a bad game
Posted: February 19, 2016	40	225	None	112	517.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
Posted: February 19, 2016	2	20	None	112	2,184.4	Recommended	
Posted: December 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								GRILL GRILL GRILL GRILL GRILL
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	20	None	112	27.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Like the game but ♥♥♥♥ you for splitting it into a cash grab
Posted: February 23, 2016	40	128	None	5	19.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								$$$$$$$$
Posted: February 23, 2016	123	1167	None	5	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pay the extra $10 for battlegrounds instead.
Posted: February 23, 2016	4	13	None	5	124.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
												*updated*2018 -too late daybreak u already lost your players. PATHETIC. 2017-LMAO THEY FIXED ALL THESE THINGS AFTER PUBG RELEASED AND FORTNITE HYPE AND THE PRICE LUL. WHAT A LAMEASS DEVLOPERS...2016-bugs.-shity combat system.-hitbox fu c ked up.-devlopers so slow and gold diggers, its all about skins and lootcrates. -bugs again.1998+Fun with friends.*i dont recommend, only if it's on huge sale, otherwise not worth it.
Posted: February 23, 2016	2	13	None	5	26.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ off
Posted: February 23, 2016	4	85	None	5	10.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 is 2 years in early access and has only 4 good weapons (AR-15 , Pump Shotgun , Hunting Rifle and AK-47) , one map , errors , sh*tty graphics , lame animations , more errors , infinite loadings , this game is dying so has low player base... PUBG was 9 months in early access and now has 2 maps , 16 good weapons , nice looking graphics , parkour vaults animations ,  2 millions players peak per day and it´s already out of Steam early access :D . H1Z1 is worst battle royale game what i ever played 100% not worth it. Go play Fortnite if you can´t afford PUBG.Final verdict :2/10 This game is garbage
Posted: February 23, 2016	16	105	None	5	1,768.0	Recommended	
Posted: September 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Feel like the game is dying
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	15	None	5	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Should have been Free-To-play as soon as it came out, as they promised back then.I'm glad PUBG and Fortnite put you and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company out of business.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	15	None	5	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Developers decided to make big cash instead of listening to the community or holding their promises.
Posted: February 23, 2016	18	99	None	5	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								The definition of pure trash
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	6	None	5	8.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								I would rather S H I T on my HDD, than download this pile of S H I T, because S H I T T I N G is free and this costs money.Please dont buy this, cya on PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	98.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and is full of bugs
Posted: March 4, 2017	1	6	None	79	332.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								BlackScreen Simulator 2017.
Posted: March 4, 2017	1	6	None	79	13.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												RIP my money, you will never be forgotten. I hope you do well in the land of ripoffs, I will avenge you.$ - 2017-2018This game isn't bad, but the community will continue to downgrade now that it is free.
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												poo
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	8.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								I would rather S H I T on my HDD, than download this pile of S H I T, because S H I T T I N G is free and this costs money.Please dont buy this, cya on PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	29.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 2, 2017
												I spent 3 hours in the game and tried to get a refund, no luckAfter 44 hours I finally got pubg and quit H1Z1And now it's f2p, letting hackers just make a new account without a pay blockAbsoluty disgusting and a giant middle finger to whoever bought it
Posted: March 4, 2017	1	6	None	79	59.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you live in the west coast then i recomend not buying this game. servers are dead and its impossible to play anything else other than solo. If you play duos or fives you play with 40 people max instead of the normal 150 which causes the game to drag to the end without you seeing even one person.
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	1,124.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Early Access Review
								Preseason 3, was full of bugs, stupid hit reg desync, and spray and pray, but the game was perfect in a way, I enjoyed so hard the game that I couldnt stop playing. Today, the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ thanks for that Daybreak, thanks for ruining my favorite game, now I wouldnt touch this game with a 10 feet pole. If Daybreak does not fix the game or bring back the old H1Z1: King of the Kill, dont ♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it, a waste of money right now.
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	2.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Just don't
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	6	None	79	88.2	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								very competitive and fun game! recomendedthey need to fix things tho.
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	6	None	352	103.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Crazy queue times, buggy gameplay... wait for release.
Posted: February 20, 2016	3	17	None	352	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								NO.
Posted: February 20, 2016	19	190	None	352	390.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								In it's current state The game has several bugs and problems that were never fixed from it's Alpha/Beta phase. The game still feels Like it's in alpha. This is before considering the problem it had yesterday with server overload which should have been expected but wasnt. My problems so far:Game randomly lags despite having a computer that can run it no problemRandom disconnectionsInconsistant frames Textures not loadingNot being able to leave game normally and having to force close.there's probably more problems but I've just listed the ones on the top of my head.I honestly feel like the game ran better before it became a "full release" or whatever you wanna call this.I hope the devs fix their game. I'm kind of glad i didnt pay full price for this and got it back when H1Z1 was a single game with 2 modes
Posted: February 20, 2016	6	41	None	352	21.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
												this game is one of the few games that i can say truly deserves what's happening to it. needs to die already, devs dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about players so why does anyone give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	21	None	352	798.5	Recommended	
Posted: August 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 BR is a great game. When it comes to the survival mode, the map seems a little bit small for me. However, the map is great for the Battle Royale mode. The only problem with the game is the issue of players using hacks in games. I know DayBreak has been banning tons of people who hack, but the issue still remains. I still recommend this game but it may be a bit boring if you play too many games.
Posted: February 20, 2016	1	8	None	352	53.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is boring and dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ put that $20 into something thats good for you, like cocaine and hookers
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	8	None	352	0.7	Recommended	
Posted: February 10
Early Access Review
								这游戏纯属变成了PUBG那样的游戏，而不是末日生存
Posted: February 20, 2016	4	21	None	352	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								I was thrilled to see this release and downloaded it imediately so I could give it an additonal thumbsdown!.
Posted: February 20, 2016	8	86	None	352	0.1	Recommended	
Posted: October 18
												So we all know that this game died, actually that developers killed it. H1Z1 is predecessor of PUBG and battle royal genre. This game gets too much hate which should be redirected to developers. We all played this game a lot before, it was one of the most played games on steam, and it deserved a thumbs up, at least for good times we all had playing it. It was something new and interesting, a lot of streamers played it and it became very popular fast. Today, the game is dead for a long time, so nobody shouldn't play it, but it made it's place in history definitely.R.I.P. H1Z1
Posted: February 20, 2016	35	49	None	352	140.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								1.垃圾游戏2.Garbage game3.쓰레기 게임4.ごみのゲーム5.Müll - Spiel6. мусор  игры7.Jeu de dés8.roska - peli9.Lixo de Jogo10. القمامة لعبة
Posted: April 24	83	189	None	57	25.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24
												refund me my money
Posted: April 24	25	23	None	57	258.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: April 24	0	10	None	57	75.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								I currently only have 15 hours on this game, and choose to play it casually as a nice change of pace game with friends, so keep this bias in mind as you read:H1Z1: KOTK at its core is a a fun game--randomly parachute into a large area and find weapons, vehicles, and supplies haphazardly scattered throughout the map to survive and combat enemy players/teams. It is a very interesting concept and definitely yields some fun moments as you play the game, especially with friends. As I write I can recall a couple very cool instances, whether it be sprinting to escape the gas as it closes in the safe area, or even using the well employed VOIP to communicate with random people in the community and have some fun. Unfortunately, however, I cannot in all consciousness endorse this game, and definitely urge anyone who reads this to beware buying this.One of its major flaws reside in the game mechanics and its consistency. Any sort of interaction with others players, including gun fights, melee fights, and even riding in vehicles with others, is awful and inconsistent. Hitboxes are horrible; theres definitely a steep learning curve to using guns, and any sort of melee combat is useless. If you so much as come within 3 feet of a wall, you will be prohibited from firing your weapon, which is especially awful in all of the close combat that exists in this game. Opening/closing doors occasionally doesn't register. Besides these coding problems, one of the biggest gameplay issues revolves around the map, which is roughly a huge 64 km^2 area. Utilization of this incredibly huge area is abysmal as safe zones are generally constricted to the same few areas in the south, and its pretty commonplace to spawn (via parachute) alongside multiple other people. This means that unique geographical features (such as the castle in the north) go unappreciated and parachuting in becomes less of a strategy and more of a race with 15 other people to a single vehicle or trailer (and thus results in massive bloodshed 10 seconds into the game in the form of one person beating everyone to an AK and racking in the multi-kills). Daybreak, the map size is awesome, spread everyone out! If I wanted to be real nitpicky I could mention the unrealistic car mechanics or rough character movement (i.e. when jumping/shooting), but at $20 and considering the numerous other issues, these small nuances can be overlooked. Another huge flaw in my opinion is the community. I know it's not fair to judge a game's community based on the actions of the select few, but unfortunately, finding someone yelling profanities over game chat is more consistent than even the game's mechanics. On top of this, there exists widespread cheating in solo (with individuals teaming up in a free for all) and teams (where multiple teams work together). This paired with one of the largest skill gaps on a videogame I have ever played is really frustrating. I really hate complaining about people who practice their hobby and get good at a videogame, but when one guy can 1 v 5 my team, my enjoyment suffers. Daybreak needs to introduce casual/ranked game modes, or employ some sort of ranking system where people with similar skill levels play each other. Finally, the community has communicated (in the form of spending their money) that they value aesthetics (in the form of microtransations) more than core game mechanics. Consider this for a second: a game that is in early access (and has been for almost a year) has made sure to get microtransactions working, but not even the game? I know the culture of videogames has evolved to include microtransactions, but I still believe a videogame company has an obligation to make a game that people paid for work before trying to further charge players and profit. I have unfortunately already voiced my support (by buying this game), but I know many have steered clear simply due to this fact.A final large issue revolves around networking. If you buy this game, prepare for lag. I'm not even just talking about shots not registering (which is actually a huge issue), but full blown desynchronization from the server I have never experienced in any other game before. There are *several* instances where my friends and I have ran into this issue which include: parachuting in but being unable to move or run for the whole match; entering/exiting a vehicle but the game doesn't register, and thus you are stuck in or out on your screen but the opposite on the server; and even randomly dying out of nowhere. Paired with an already large skill gap (yes, I know, mad cuz bad), and a wait period between matches just long enough to be annoying (especially when waiting for your friends to die), and these networking issues become an unacceptable waste of my time.   To conclude, this game has a lot of unrealized promise. Daybreak could work really hard to correct even just a few of the aforementioned things and I'd be willing to change my review to recommend it. Unfortunately, however, this company will never work to improve their game. Why would they? People continue to throw money at the devs for the little effort they have put into the game as is, just so they can have a red AR instead of black. I have nothing against companies that try to tap into its player base for a little more profit, but when that becomes its mission statement, I have issue. I have issue with that company, I have issue with the community that directly illustrates their support ($$), and I have issue with a game that uses its generic "Early Access" label to hide behind its problems.TL;DR: All of the unsupported b*tching in other negative reviews have some actual truth to them.
Posted: April 24	1	10	None	57	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Oh hey look, that game I played for awhile when it first released, then they started doing shady stuff and got really money hungry and never properly updated their game to fix bugs or deal with the hackers, ever. Dead game is dead. 10/10 would not recommend.Also I only have 2.7 hours due to them splitting the game and the hours not transferring over, these hours are only after they split the game into two separate products.
Posted: April 24	1	10	None	57	59.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't support these devs. Game is not 'early access,' as they say. It's a full release and includes crates, microtransactions and they split the game to make more money. Battle royale is decent but not worth paying for if you have Rust, Arma 3, etc...Was really greedy of them to make skins not marketable. Forces you to open crates to get skins instead of getting them free.$$$$$
Posted: April 24	1	10	None	57	7.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								*Gets email from day break about King of the Hill*Thinks "Oh thats cool"*Game Splits*Downloads King of the Hill*Sees battle royal servers*Thinks "wtf?"*Thinks "Maybe its different"*Plays one*Thinks "This is ♥♥♥♥ing battle royal*Proceeds to question if this is legal*Says Daybreak's name in vain*Unrecommends this gameDo NotBuyThisGameYouWillRegretItHonestly, "Daybreak" is just another company that wants your f0ckin monies, originally both of these games were one, then someone stood up and had a revolutionary idea. They though maybe just maybe if we split the games into two games, we can make more people happy! Congragu♥♥♥♥inglations Daybreak you one up'd Planetary Annihilation on the stupid muther♥♥♥♥er scale. Good job.-1/10 I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back.
Posted: April 24	18	40	None	57	16.9	Recommended	
Posted: July 3
												Fun game but need to be competitive.  Old H1Z1 was better though and they are bringing it back, hopefully.
Posted: April 24	1	10	None	57	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4
												just get fortnite instead
Posted: April 24	2	61	None	57	174.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't waste your money, buy PUBG instead
Posted: April 24	0	29	None	57	101.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								i mean this is a fun game to play... but its given me so many problems like at first i couldnt even launch my game, once that got fixed.This random error would pop up and not let me play.Finally i thought because i could finally play.thats what i thought atleast my rank on solos is stuck so i cant rank up anymore.im done with this game
Posted: July 23, 2017	0	29	None	11	101.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								i mean this is a fun game to play... but its given me so many problems like at first i couldnt even launch my game, once that got fixed.This random error would pop up and not let me play.Finally i thought because i could finally play.thats what i thought atleast my rank on solos is stuck so i cant rank up anymore.im done with this game
Posted: July 23, 2017	0	12	None	11	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Split into two unfinished games, two overpriced unfinished piles of garbage. and this one, oh this one, i didnt know hunting rifles were ♥♥♥♥ing silent, because for the past month or so they have been
Posted: July 23, 2017	1	12	None	11	91.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I paid 20 bucks for an unfinished game which is free to play now...This game won't get better.EarlyAccess-Buyer of this game only got sh*t skins they can't even sell on the market...Poor game & R.I.P. my money :(
Posted: July 23, 2017	12	29	None	11	14.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24
Early Access Review
								I just realisedFortnite is freeBye
Posted: July 23, 2017	0	12	None	11	13.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
												When H1Z1 and Just Survive used to be one game, it had something going for it. That was the time when the zombie version was good, and the battle royale was better than this crap. Back then the BR was more realistic, more tense and just generally more enjoyable without all these puffy neon skins. There used to be a goddamn zombie mode for the BR part of the game if you wanted to play that. The game broke as soon as it got even slightly successful as Daycrate games got greedy and wanted more money. Sadly this is another one of those classic stories with greedy developers and an Early Access ♥♥♥♥ up.**EDIT**I payed for this game and now its free, these developers just know how to♥♥♥♥♥♥a community off. Not even a refund was issued. This is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and this is why so many gamers dont trust developers.
Posted: July 23, 2017	79	29	None	11	84.9	Recommended	
Posted: October 13
												I FEED OFF THE TOXICITY OF THIS GAME. IT GIVES ME ENERGY. GAMER RAGE IN PROXIMITY VOICE CHAT MAKES ME GROW STRONGER. JACE HALL GOT A BALD HEAD
Posted: July 23, 2017	2	12	None	11	379.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26
												dead game
Posted: July 23, 2017	8	67	None	11	568.3	Recommended	
Posted: May 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								love and hate relationship with this game
Posted: July 23, 2017	0	14	None	11	34.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Get Playerunknowns Battlegrounds instead.
Posted: July 23, 2017	0	14	None	11	101.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								The whole thing was a very bad ecomonic choice and what happened to free to play? I was going to just say it was kinda good back then and not write a review on this but i currently im forced to install both of the same game? Why did you uninstall half the game Daybreak? All the issues iv had are minor compared to others so there is no way to recommend this again.
Posted: February 28	0	14	None	84	17.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												An ugly, ugly, game
Posted: February 28	9	56	None	84	4.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								If you're thinking about buying this...Just don't
Posted: February 28	0	16	None	84	24.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Queue waiting simulator 2016. Queue estimated wait time is 8 min but instead i had to wait 30 min and after 30 min it says 4 min wait time. Daybreak said they would improve gameplay experience. They promise but dont deliver. when they divided H1Z1 into 2 seperate game modes. They make you pay $20 each which makes no sense as in why they're so money hungry. They couldve simply kept it the way it is and improved on it. But instead they leave a under developed game and seperate it into 2 seperate games in order to Make it "better" for players. That was a poor decision daybreak. I would rather have the old H1Z1 that was already bad instead of having this 2 $20 games that shouldve only been $20 for both experiences of survival and battle royale. Dont buy this game unless it goes back to the wait it used to be.... the better version. Very disappointed. (And whats King of the Kill? rip of off the name king of the hill)
Posted: February 28	183	982	None	84	325.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Are you kidding me? Getting rid of Australian servers? Are you stupid? Bloody crate consumed money hoarding american ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Get a life. Why would you RUIN THE GAME. American servers are literally unplayable for anyone in australia thanks daybreak :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Posted: February 28	140	253	None	84	578.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 30
												pubg better
Posted: February 28	8	106	None	84	556.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								11/2017 :  played 2 hours in the past 2 months , it is still cool to see the work that is been put into this game to make it better or atleast try _________________________09/2017 : So many new tweaks and fixes , the game is definitely improving , still needs alot of work tho________________________________________________________07/2017 : every update is making the game WORSE AND WORSE !!!!! . bugs and problems that have been in the game since f.... release are still there !!._________________________________________________________05/2017if u dont wanna die early of a heartattack or a stress-related disease , then dont play this game pls._________________________________________________________02/2017 500 hours so far and I can clearly say that this game is just so bad on many levels , the hit reg , pvp, loot in the map, glicthes, and bugs . everywhere .....the majority of H1z1 player are going to move to another battle-royale game once another company makes a better version
Posted: February 28	34	290	None	84	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								On feb 24th 2016 I purchased this game so I could play Survival with my friends. We took a break now when I come back to play I keep getting launched into King of the Kill. Why? Because I baught H1Z1 after feb 16th 2016 so I was stuck with just King of the Kill edition, and have found out I need to buy the game AGAIN for the survival mode. So, uh, NO don't even bother.If this is how the company is going to run things then I don't want to deal with them. Good thing I don't play any old SOE games anymore.
Posted: February 28	2	41	None	84	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Redownloaded this POS game just to give it another bad review. Splitting your game into 2 separate, $20 generic♥♥♥♥♥titles and breaking promises won't go over well. You did this for a quick cash grab, not for "dedicated teams".  Fkn shills. Glad you could trick the 12 year old demographics into defending your sht game tho. Reason #99999 you don't buy early access
Posted: February 28	1	18	None	84	61.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14, 2016
Early Access Review
								Honestly I saw a lot of potential in this game but it quickly became apparent that it's just a money grab. Game mechanics have hardly changed since day one, items are being taken out of the game instead of being fixed because it's so buggy your pc would crash sometimes if you threw a molotov. I don't expect this game to survive long enough for it to even go into beta, since it has been alpha early access for more than a year now, and the only things that get added are items and cases so you'll spend more money outside of the €20 you spent on the original game.It's actually very disappointing how bad the game is, because the idea is great and I still like to play it with friends, but the bugs, glitches and crashes really grinds my gears until the point where I don't want to play it anymore.I'm really hoping this game will crash and burn soon, as it deserves.
Posted: February 28	18	18	None	84	162.7	Recommended	
Posted: October 31
												hey i played some matches today and i came to 3rd and i get disconnected and it said this *We have detected unfair play in your recent game sessions and your account is temporarily locked from play. More information can be found in the Terms of Service and Rules of Conduct. Further abuse will result in harsher penalties.* and i suck at this game so yeah daybreak fix you game and bann people that actually is hacking like wtf
Posted: September 13, 2017	4	18	None	141	158.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Was good game in the good old days
Posted: September 13, 2017	11	47	None	141	240.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Can't believe daybreak charges us for this unplayable garbage, every update includes more and more game breaking bugs, whoever is working on this game deserves a swift kick to the balls and exiled from any game development career possibility ever.
Posted: September 13, 2017	2	22	None	141	10.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												So where's the content for the people who paid for the game?I want a refundEdit:So I found out you actually get something if you bought the game: 10 victory crates, gasrunner hoodie, bloom survival t-shirt, splinter camo arv and 10k skulls. But like, those items are non-tradable it would be better to buy skins from the community market than buying the game and getting that.
Posted: September 13, 2017	512	275	None	141	89.6	Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Get's killed in NA servers:"You're♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game, kys hnnnnggg"Gets killed in Asia servers:"Ohhhhhh unrucky!"8/10 would asia again.
Posted: September 13, 2017	0	30	None	141	156.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								its funny that they are charging 20$ for a second standalone cut from the whole game... at least ark SOTF is free and its what made me get the real game.
Posted: September 13, 2017	0	30	None	141	11.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 was launched as an Early Access title priced @ $20 and the announced business model was "Free to play".  At the start of the month (Feb. 2016) they gave notice that come February 17 2016, they`ll scrape the free to play model and split the game into two titles, as follows:- H1Z1: Just Survive @ $19.99 (your standard multiplayer survival) - H1Z1: King of the Kill @ $19.99 ("competitive" game modes like Battle Royale)New players, avoid this, you`re esentially paying double for the same content we already have and they`re not even out yet, who knows how many business model changes this will undergo. Great game or not, vote with your wallet and do not support unethical business practices. Bleh.
Posted: September 13, 2017	2	34	None	141	399.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game is a cashgrab. Don't buy it. Hackers all over the game. BattleEye is easily bypassed by these hackers. Toxic community. Will be early access forever.
Posted: September 13, 2017	5	34	None	141	19.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Out of Early Access now? Nice try Daybreak.
Posted: September 13, 2017	13	155	None	141	39.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								I started with this game before PUBG because I never heard of PUBG prior to this.  After coming back to see how this game is doing, I cant help but think its a joke. People who seem to think this game is any good is in denial. Its just a money grab for daybreak.  PUBG has done more in 3 months than KOTK has done in a year.  One game gets actual updates like new maps, guns, major bug fixes, optimization, ect. The other gets updates like new skins.....thats it..just new skins that you have to buy.If you want a good battle royal buy PUBGIf you want a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fashion show with guns. Buy this game
Posted: September 13, 2017	2	36	None	141	311.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing unplayable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 5, 2017	43	44	None	86	25.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 KotK: the game where i actually used more geography knowledge than in school
Posted: April 5, 2017	3	44	None	86	893.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 13, 2017
												Getting tired of these cheaters and updates (sigh-) R.I.P H1Z1
Posted: April 5, 2017	386	113	None	86	17.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☑ Kids☐Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☑ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☑ Free☐ Fair Price☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☑ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end ☑ NASA computer===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☑ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☐ Endless===[ ♬ Story] === ☐ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☑ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]=== ☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Game itself is one big BUG
Posted: April 5, 2017	36	56	None	86	334.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 25, 2016
Early Access Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7o389SF7bk&feature=youtu.be 
Posted: April 5, 2017	24	56	None	86	4.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 10
												i only need one word garbage
Posted: April 5, 2017	5	78	None	86	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								I probably have about 250+ hours in the original H1Z1. Mostly BR but some survival as well. This game is garbage. Hot steaming garbage. The bugs and blatant balancing issues that have been in this game since launch are still here and probably won't change. They cut the already♥♥♥♥♥♥content in half and have the balls to ask for more money for BOTH games. I've given it time and yet nothing changes. Hey, do you want to float in the air in the start of a BR for 45 seconds? Only to land to be gunned down by someone with loot already? Good! Now enjoy queueing again. Want to get shot through walls because the netcode is so♥♥♥♥♥♥that your movement means nothing? Want someone to drive at you in a vehicle going 90 mph only to jump out 5 feet from you and have their model lag behind so you can't remotely get a shot? Want to get gang ♥♥♥♥ed in solo BR? Want to spawn in random forests with one ♥♥♥♥ing building so you can spend 20 minutes walking to the safe zone, just to get slaughtered by someone who actually got loot? The list goes on. Don't worry though, those will never get fixed, but hey, at least they can add more crates!!!! These devs want money, nothing more, nothing less. Until they get their heads on straight, this game will always be a terribly optimized, buggy, unbalanced, turd.
Posted: April 5, 2017	4	5	None	86	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												wait, so the game is free now?and i spent 60$ worth of gift game copies for this? kill me
Posted: April 5, 2017	2	11	None	86	47.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good fps, good sounds, user friendly. Buy it if you want some fun.
Posted: April 5, 2017	4	5	None	86	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 2, 2017
Early Access Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=UZrpeEHiq0U 
Posted: April 5, 2017	2	5	None	86	297.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 21, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting - To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) "3 Cheese Italian Blend" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken pieces Make the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor. Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together. Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest - Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!
Posted: March 10	4	5	None	44	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												wait, so the game is free now?and i spent 60$ worth of gift game copies for this? kill me
Posted: March 10	0	5	None	44	307.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								I will not be wasting minutes typing this review, like i spend hours in both JS & KOTK.The game is buggy & Messy as ♥♥♥♥, Just survive being even more buggy and ignored by the devs.Do not buy this game, honestly, they'll make enough money off the ingame purchases...
Posted: March 10	0	5	None	44	3.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Give My Money Back ....
Posted: March 10	0	9	None	44	124.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								pros:fun game when it works like it shouldcons:micro-transactions in alphaconstant crashes & freezesserver lagbadly optimizedThe last 3 I mentioned are things you would expect with a game that is in alpha, but given its extremely slow progress over the years, a release with a fully functional game feels very unlikely and therefore I'm going to assume it will always have these issues.Do not buy unless you are fine with playing a game that will probably never be fixed.
Posted: March 10	0	5	None	44	56.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crap, better buy PUBG :)
Posted: March 10	1	5	None	44	568.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Playing this game is like trying to eat a 5 star meal on cardboard funiture with a lava pit below you. Alright, the concept is great, having the safe zone that shrinks, the parachuting at the beggining, the team selections, ect. The problem? this game probably has the least experienced devs in the world, or atleast the laziest, maybe ♥♥♥♥♥iest. The most recent bug patch they put out literally fixed 0 bugs. Bugs they said they fixed:Spam crouching - Still a thingGlitched reloads - Worse now then beforeCars turbo being stuck - Still brokenCars driving off when you get out - Still happensList of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ features and glitches no one is going to fix:Shotgun - You Might as well use a dull knife (sometimes does damage, sometimes not)Lamps - Will blow your car up in milisecondsCars Exploding randomly - Ever touch the bottom of your car with a wierd object? Did it explode? It will in this game.Parachutes - Who knows, maybe you will fall through the ground, maybe you will die when you hit the ground, maybe you will spawn without one, maybe it will depsawn when you're half-way to the ground.Hit registration.... No words, it feels like bullets have a randomly generated percent chance to do damage. You just never know. ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the devs, and ♥♥♥♥ the community too.
Posted: March 10	0	7	None	44	64.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Why i play this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 10	1	5	None	44	305.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 15
												Welp, its not like i paid for this game some 3 years ago hoping it would turn out amazing, just to come here now and see this garbage.
Posted: March 10	0	5	None	44	9.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												this game is doodoo
Posted: March 10	5	5	None	44	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15, 2017
												Note: I bought H1Z1 in Dec. 2015 and enjoyed it for 40+ hours. After the split, my hours were moved to H1Z1: Just Survive, hence why I have 49 minutes played in H1Z1: Kotk. Though, I play H1Z1 on my second account.TL;DR Go buy PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS. It's 200% better than H1Z1 and it has what H1Z1 will probably never have; Great development team, weapon attachments, winner/loser rewards, better gunplay & combat and much more...ReviewH1Z1: King of the Kill is an okayish first person/third person shooter. Before, it was called Battle Royale (sorta still is), over a hundred people participating in a huge death match. It will make you paranoid and you have to really loot fast, listen, shoot, kill and look all around you to survive. You can select Solo, Duo and Fives. Playing H1Z1: King of the Kill is decent with friends and sometimes even solo play. They also have a "Pre Season" leaderboard where you can track your solo progress (kills, score, etc).H1Z1: Kotk has around 25k+ players at minimum playing almost constantly. I've seen as high as a 73k+ player base at times. There's no shortage of people or queue times (they recently fixed queue times which made it pretty much instant to get into a game). Starting out, you'll wait in a lobby until the timer runs out for the game to start. Once the game has started you'll begin to parachute down to a huge map from a decent height to choose a spot that might have good loot or you can hover in the air, look where everybody else is going so you can avoid them as you parachute down. Most of the time it's about getting to the ground as fast as possible to gather loot or even a vehicle to have a better start for yourself.Yes, loot and vehicles. There's only 4 vehicles: Truck, Jeep, Police Car and ATV. Truck is the slowest of them all, but it's better than nothing. Jeep is the second fastest whilst police car and ATV will go faster than the rest. However, ATV can only hold 2 players, whilst the other vehicles hold 5 players. Vehicles allow you to move around the map faster, but they do have fuel and health.Loot, ahh yes. There's a lot of loot. RNG depicts where loot goes. Pistols, assault rifles, grenades, molotovs, helmets, armor (makeshift/lammy) and more! Loot is always something to make everyone fight over and I've had my fair share of experience with that. You can choose to go all out and loot everything you see or gather a certain amount of items and kill other people for their items instead. Try not to loot everything you see - There's bag space. You can have an ordinary backpack that holds 1200~ weight or a military backpack that holds 2200~. Each item you loot will take up bag space. Becareful looting though, players can easily pick you off while you're looting. I've had bad experiences with that too.I think the most lethal to you besides those pesky serial killers we call players is the toxic gas. The gas is released after the safe zone is revealed and the 5 minute timer is up. Before that you'll need to be near that safe zone circle or you're toast. The gas will get powerful as the game progresses so you'll always need to be a step ahead of it. I've even used the gas to my advantage. Know where the gas is going to spread to and if you're in the safe zone & the enemy isn't you can fire at them, drop their health and the gas will do the rest (given they are still in it). It's amusing when that happens. Although, I've had my fair share of gas deaths.I can't really say much about their graphics in the game other than they aren't that great at max settings. My settings are on low so I can see other players better (mainly just lighting off, shadows low, other is medium to high). It's best if you tinker with your settings to find it easier to see items and players much better without much darkness.H1Z1: King of the Kill has a crate system. The game isn't P2W, it's just cosmetics. They even have a "scrap" system where you can scrap items for the scrap currency and turn scrap in for more items. Their skull system allows you to back yourself in solo play. If you do well in solo play you'll earn skulls once bet. After leveling every 5 levels you'll also receive free unlocked crates to open; otherwise, playing the game will earn you locked crates you can sell on the steam community market.The feeling you feel when winning a game is pretty intense at times, until you realize there's no rewards for winning.Bugs, Early Access & FrustrationsLet's not forget H1Z1: King of the Kill is still in early access and it does have a lot of issues. This is what makes me mainly dislike this game. They do release updates every month or so, but I feel like there's not enough hotfixes to fix common bugs or updates to the game to bring in different, items, features, etc. H1Z1: Kotk has been in development for several years++ and no major improvements. It's pretty upsetting.The most common bug I run into is stuck parachuting. You're hovering above the ground whilst the parachute is still intact and will force you to exit the match, but normally it ends up crashing your client instead. Second common bug is parachuting under the world, forcing you to logout and again it'll crash the client instead. Not to mention the glorious amount of loot bugs where some loot has sunk into the ground, object its on, etc. It'll even cause the ammo to do the same depending if any objects are near, the ammo will go inside of that object and you won't be able to loot them. Let's also not forget a large amount of objects floating in midair.Collision is another thing. It might as well not exist, especially with vehicles. Trying to run over someone with a vehicle at full speed will not always kill players.Gunplay is terrible. You can jump around like the ground is hot lava to avoid being shot or have an enemy do the same. They need to limit jumping.I think the most frustrating part of H1Z1: King of the Kill is how static the map is and the places you never parachute down to anymore. It would make gameplay experience better if their map or map objects in general was procedurally generated. Of course loot is based on RNG, but I feel like the map should have a significant difference almost every playthrough.I ask myself every time I play H1Z1 Kotk, "How come we never spawn at the Dam anymore?". In the old map it was fun parachuting down to the dam, gathering loot and killing people since the place is FULL of loot. Nowadays to even loot the dam you need to be lucky enough to spawn close by, get a vehicle and drive 3 minutes to arrive there. You'll have roughly 4 minutes to loot the richness of the Dam, but it's worth it since nobody goes there anymore.I feel like the utilization of the map edges A-J 1-10 is horribly lacking. They only have it where people are spawned more inside of the map than on the sides.The second most frustrating thing is, they removed the rewards for winning or losing. Back in 2015 you used to receive a loot bag that you can open. Depending on how well your position was in a game you'll get a better loot bag. But, when I came back to H1Z1 early 2016 that was removed. Winning or dying at a certain number is no longer rewarding. The only thing you have is bragging rights and that's not really incenitive to keep playing besides the Solo Season, which is 1% better than being rewarded with item(s).There's more issues to this game that I feel could be resolved. I think there's more things Daybreak can do to H1Z1: Kotk since it does have potential. Would be nice if they introduced new weapons or new items in general, game modes, etc - That's the potential this game has, but development is too slow and hotfixes are almost always non-existent.OverallH1Z1: King of the Kill as I wrote has potential, but it's on a bad development path with redundant decision making and development team.Rating: 5/10
Posted: March 3	0	5	None	124	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3
												RIP SERVER >:(And I bought this game for 60k in rupiah or in about 5$ and now its free?THIS GAME IS SUCK
Posted: March 3	1	7	None	124	13.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Summary - H1Z1 King Of The Kill is a large scale game which features a huge amount of players per game, It's a solo game were everybody starts from parachuting and then once you land you start off with nothing and then you must explore the map to find weapons to fight off other players, once a certain amount of time as passed gas from all directions with come closer and closer and fill the entire map, the last point that gas covers, is the place that you should strive to be. You can use cars to get there, the only thing you need to remember is everyman for himself and the last man standing is the winner.Pros - Good idea, the developers made a great idea for a game, a game in which you are to be the last man alive in a massive land filled with lots of players.Cons-Very buggy, omg, this has to be the worst game I've ever played for bugs, I would go through some of them but the problem is I DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START?-Lack of content, very few guns, few cars, few everything if I'm honest.-Shooting mechanics suck, for real you never have any idea of where you're shooting, you could be shooting behind you could be shooting at the sun, I don't fu*king know.-Graphics suck, the rendering speed is just awful, nothing else to say.Verdict: I simply got bored of saying all the reasons why this game sucks, but it just does, I guess regardless of the games issues it's kinda fun due to the concept but that doesn't suggest that I like the game at all, or even recommend it. Sorry for this one, but I can't recommend this game.
Posted: March 3	4	5	None	124	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 2, 2017
Early Access Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=UZrpeEHiq0U 
Posted: March 3	2	11	None	124	47.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good fps, good sounds, user friendly. Buy it if you want some fun.
Posted: March 3	4	5	None	124	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												wait, so the game is free now?and i spent 60$ worth of gift game copies for this? kill me
Posted: March 3	1	5	None	124	723.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2016
H1Z1 (King of the Kill) in a nutshell> Buys H1Z1 in 2015 (early access)> Low expectations> Got surprised> Daybreak mainly focused on skins instead of bug fixes> 2016 new map> Players got disappointed because of bugs> 2017 PUBG and Fortnite Battle Royale take over the Battle Royal genre> More skins and still a lot of bugs were not fixed> 2018 H1Z1 comes out of early access> Goes free 2 play after coming out of early access> Still not a good game¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Posted: March 3	3	5	None	124	7.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2017
												Gimme my money xD
Posted: March 3	0	7	None	124	9.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								This review is no longer relevant, as the game is now Free To Play. I will leave this review public as an archive of what my thoughts were when the game was not free.----------------------------------------*THIS IS THE SAME REVIEW I PUT ON H1Z1: JUST SURVIVE.*H1Z1 just split into two games. Yep that's right. And not only two games, two $20.00 games. That's basically why it's not recommended.H1Z1 is a very fun survival game, my favorite being the Battle Royale gamemode, now known as "King of the Kill". The games have not changed one bit, still very fun, but for new players, this could be heartbreaking. A previously single $20.00 game is now split up into two games that you have to basically choose which one you want to buy/play instead of just choosing the gamemode. I think this idea of splitting the game was just a way of getting more money and basically scamming new players into buying two games for what once was a single game. Other than that, I recommend this game 100%. For now, i'll say Not Recommended.
Posted: March 3	1	23	None	124	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Get Playerunkown's, spend the extra $10, its worth it.
Posted: March 3	0	15	None	124	22.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cool game that makes fun even after several hours at a time. H1Z1 King of the Kill has a good addictive factor for me.
Posted: April 20, 2017	0	15	None	36	22.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cool game that makes fun even after several hours at a time. H1Z1 King of the Kill has a good addictive factor for me.
Posted: April 20, 2017	0	7	None	36	50.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is filled with hackers who one tap you through 324.2 yards of toxic gas. Aiming system and recoil is absurd. Jumping around with shotguns like mighty beans. But... yeah...  hackers.... don't stand a chance especially driving full speed and getting 1 tapped in the helmet and killed by a guy two houses over in a backyard... legit, eh? Biggest POS. Battlegrounds is def. a must buy if you're stuck between the two. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
Posted: April 20, 2017	0	7	None	36	9.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								This review is no longer relevant, as the game is now Free To Play. I will leave this review public as an archive of what my thoughts were when the game was not free.----------------------------------------*THIS IS THE SAME REVIEW I PUT ON H1Z1: JUST SURVIVE.*H1Z1 just split into two games. Yep that's right. And not only two games, two $20.00 games. That's basically why it's not recommended.H1Z1 is a very fun survival game, my favorite being the Battle Royale gamemode, now known as "King of the Kill". The games have not changed one bit, still very fun, but for new players, this could be heartbreaking. A previously single $20.00 game is now split up into two games that you have to basically choose which one you want to buy/play instead of just choosing the gamemode. I think this idea of splitting the game was just a way of getting more money and basically scamming new players into buying two games for what once was a single game. Other than that, I recommend this game 100%. For now, i'll say Not Recommended.
Posted: April 20, 2017	2	13	None	36	1,162.1	Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								Great game. Horrible devlopers. Meet some people who love to play and you'll have a good time. It takes time to get better but when you do it pays off. Learning curve for spawns and knowing the map but you get used to it. The most recent update has been the developers best but besides that- they don't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥but make new skins for a cash grab. OTHER THAN THAT... get it- the best 3rd person sandbox mmo I have ever played just wish it ran smoother.
Posted: April 20, 2017	18	23	None	36	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Roblox is better than this peice of poop
Posted: April 20, 2017	0	5	None	36	2,281.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								You will rage at this game, you will cry at this game, you will undoubtely throw your mouse because of this game.. but the feeling of winning on this game is like no other I have ever experienced. Truely worth the money fo rht ehours I've put in and the great times I've had with friend on it. Buy it and be prepared to take the Battle Royale of your life!
Posted: April 20, 2017	2	5	None	36	1,261.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								h1Z1 IS THW MOSTR AUTISTIC GAME IVE EVER PLAYED CANT BELIEVE  I HAVE ALMOST A 1000 HOURS ON THIS GAME THE SHOTGUN SUCKS MASSIVE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND THE HIT REGISTRATION MAKES ME WANT TO KILL MYSELF AND ALSO DAYBREAK NEVER DOES ANYTHING BUT SIT THERE WITH THEIR THUMBS UP THEIR♥♥♥♥♥AND DONT FIX ANYTHING BUT THEY SAY THE SHOTGUN DOES DOUBLE DAMAGE TO HEADSHOTS BUT I GET BUTT♥♥♥♥ED BY EVERY SCRUB IN THIS GAME BECAUSE IT SUCKS MORE♥♥♥♥♥♥THAN MIA KHALIFA
Posted: April 20, 2017	0	7	None	36	11.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
Early Access Review
								they promise a zombie game and then♥♥♥♥♥♥all over their community to seperate their game in favor for a battle royale game they  are a money grubby company and is not worth supporting them
Posted: April 20, 2017	0	7	None	36	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								I don't know why i cant play it when i made a day break account.
Posted: April 20, 2017	1	5	None	36	36.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Thankfully this is the last time this piece of trash game ever makes it on the featured page again.
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	7	None	81	108.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								The developer has a long history of releasing buggy, unoptimized, and overall terrible games ripe with microtransactions, and this one is no different. They LIED about it going free to play, and then split their game in half, doubling the total price before it's even out of Alpha. This is not okay! This change is nothing but a dirty cash grab. Daybreak as a company has a track record of failure and will do anything to try to get out of the red, and this is a prime example.They haven't released a quality game in over 15 years. With all due respect to their employees and their livelihoods, this company should have been abolished years ago. It has been driven into the ground repeatedly by poor management, and compounded by lousy investments from both Sony and Columbus Nova. No one talks about it, but there is no guarantee this game will even be available to play in months, let alone years. In 2014 Daybreak (then SOE) reportedly lost Sony $60 million, and now just one year after being sold off, this is the kind of gouging they're trying to pull on customers. Not enough red flags for you? They've had multiple huge layoffs over the years, at times completely devestating their customer support and quality assurance teams.
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	5	None	81	87.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Rather go play Bourbon
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	7	None	81	22.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								miss you John
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	5	None	81	33.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME!The cash grabbers dared to split up a game into two. They charge you 20 bucks for this piece of work, average waiting time on servers to play on is 5+ minutes. The game has been out for over a year now. What have they produced? Less than even the DayZ SA devs in that same amount of time, which is rather sad considering they have to compensate for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine. A couple of pistols and a few rifles? 3 whole cars to choose from? Great. If you're asking yourself why I have this, I bought the game on release last year, thinking it might be worthwile. To be honest, there hasn't been a zombie survival game actually worth playing the last couple of years.If you want to play BR, go play it on ArmA 3, where it's supposed to be played. Hell, even CS:GO's Hunger Games are more fun than this monstrosity.Cheers
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	5	None	81	8.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								The updates and fixes come slowly and don't solve the main problems of the game. You can get glitched in doors and objects extremely easily still. Spawns are absolute garbage more than half the time. All the weaponry is centered in towns and is way too abundant. Queue times are garbage as well. For being out in 'alpha' for as long as it has, their first priority was micro transactions, not actually fixing the game itself.
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	5	None	81	36.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Thankfully this is the last time this piece of trash game ever makes it on the featured page again.
Posted: February 19, 2016	5	9	None	81	19.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												I've played this game on one of my old accounts back when Just Survive was the main theme and battle royal was on one server. Back when you could only make a Russian looking dude and that's it. Now look at it. Dead as the Zombies that it started with. Well it's free to play now so there's nothing to lose by trying it. Honestly, it's not that bad. Never was "bad", it was just not worth $20 that I payed for it on 3 accounts. Now it's worth it, finally.
Posted: February 19, 2016	2	5	None	81	1,261.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								h1Z1 IS THW MOSTR AUTISTIC GAME IVE EVER PLAYED CANT BELIEVE  I HAVE ALMOST A 1000 HOURS ON THIS GAME THE SHOTGUN SUCKS MASSIVE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND THE HIT REGISTRATION MAKES ME WANT TO KILL MYSELF AND ALSO DAYBREAK NEVER DOES ANYTHING BUT SIT THERE WITH THEIR THUMBS UP THEIR♥♥♥♥♥AND DONT FIX ANYTHING BUT THEY SAY THE SHOTGUN DOES DOUBLE DAMAGE TO HEADSHOTS BUT I GET BUTT♥♥♥♥ED BY EVERY SCRUB IN THIS GAME BECAUSE IT SUCKS MORE♥♥♥♥♥♥THAN MIA KHALIFA
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	5	None	81	2,281.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								You will rage at this game, you will cry at this game, you will undoubtely throw your mouse because of this game.. but the feeling of winning on this game is like no other I have ever experienced. Truely worth the money fo rht ehours I've put in and the great times I've had with friend on it. Buy it and be prepared to take the Battle Royale of your life!
Posted: February 19, 2016	2	13	None	81	1,162.1	Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								Great game. Horrible devlopers. Meet some people who love to play and you'll have a good time. It takes time to get better but when you do it pays off. Learning curve for spawns and knowing the map but you get used to it. The most recent update has been the developers best but besides that- they don't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥but make new skins for a cash grab. OTHER THAN THAT... get it- the best 3rd person sandbox mmo I have ever played just wish it ran smoother.
Posted: December 14, 2017	18	23	None	116	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Roblox is better than this peice of poop
Posted: December 14, 2017	3	27	None	116	43.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								I don't like greedy people, especially when they get their dirty hands all over a video game. Take this game, for example.
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	9	None	116	351.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								I work for a big gaming Review Company and recently saw an interview about H1Z1 publisher claiming PUBG copied h1z1 and you can't imagine how salty he sounded... In My Opinion lol I say Hellllll NO. Even if that was the actual case PUBG is dominating this game 10 fold. Why? Simply Because They made a Better Game.h1z1http://steamcharts.com/app/433850#AllPUBGhttp://steamcharts.com/app/578080#AllENOUGH SAID.I've Played enough for most... Wins All the time. But lets be honest. This game is absolute trash. Daybreak refuses to fix their issues... Like I dont know.. REGION BLOCK! I have Extremly Good internet. This game is so lop sided with people that have high ping dancing and glitching all over the map taking shots at you behind pillars, two tapping behind rocks, and of course the famous RUNNING THROUGH WALLS. This Game has gotten so much WORSE over the time that daybreak has gotten its grips on it. The only consitant thing about the H1Z1 KOTK servers are that they are inconsistant. Shots don't connect, they fly through peoples faces point blank even getting giant blood splatters and people still end up with 100 health easy pz. This game has so much potential.. Sometimes the game runs smooth and your shots connect. But thats like 1 out of 10 games played.Word of advice... Don't buy this game. It will only♥♥♥♥♥♥you off with how terrible the Devs are at coding... RUN! RUN NOW
Posted: December 14, 2017	9	89	None	116	161.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is full of bugs and will ruin the good vibes with ease. 10/10 Feels like the developers don't care.
Posted: December 14, 2017	3	9	None	116	23.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								1.Played with friend 2.Come to Cramberry, this building3.Come third level4.Help me ,i am stuck , just close the door behind you5.Get shot from behind by friend gliching through the wallProfit11/10 IGN
Posted: December 14, 2017	1	17	None	116	10.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is absolute garbage. They will lock you account for no reason what so ♥♥♥♥ing ever and never allow you back into it. The only option i have is to "try again later".  No way to open a ticket because i cant even log into my account. Please hang
Posted: December 14, 2017	2	51	None	116	1,718.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Uninstalled Ruined after Update and i had 800hrs GG QQ ♥♥♥♥ this game
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	5	None	116	2.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24
												terrible so angry with the fact that its not even h1z1 any more its just another battle roal and the fact that other people have had to in the past pay for that and now its all free to play absolutly outrages me i payed for the zombie servel and now its discontinued i can happerly say i will never recomend another day brake game agin o anybody as i even bought the game for other people and i shouldent have botherd not happy at all with you guys and i would like a refund
Posted: December 14, 2017	1	11	None	116	72.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Worst game I´ve ever played in my entire life . Mouse cursor disapearing in menu , sometimes i cant even get to menu , retar.ded graphics for 2016 game , dogsh.it game , Nice physics with parachute retar.ds develepers .Unrealistic shooting , shi.tty gameplay , Not even worth paying 12,99 or 19,99 on the game. Really dont buy this game , if you buy this game you will get cancer + you will miss your money.Shi.tty hitbox .Hope you get cancer and die in real life developers. Have a nice day and die horribly.
Posted: December 14, 2017	1	5	None	116	447.1	Recommended	
Posted: September 23
												yes very good game 
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	5	None	59	216.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hit reg is disgusting, so many glitches, cars are broken asf not worth buying
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	5	None	59	44.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												its still trash after years
Posted: July 3, 2017	2	7	None	59	38.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Game cant be saved, bad community and even worse bugs. Not ready to leave EA
Posted: July 3, 2017	1	5	None	59	28.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21
												Never again.
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	5	None	59	351.0	Recommended	
Posted: February 25
Early Access Review
								Even though they lost most of their playerbase to Fortnite and PubG I still like this game alot. The aim may be a little sketch but they are trying to bring it back by listening to the players. The updates are good and not broken, So if your looking for a battle royale thats good I would recommend H1Z1 the real OG game.
Posted: July 3, 2017	58	41	None	59	176.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 31
												h1z1? more like dead
Posted: July 3, 2017	1	7	None	59	2,914.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
Early Access Review
								The game itself was the first real BR game and had a lot of good stuff, but the company decided to make the game worse every patch and other br games took its spot, because Daybreak was too slow to do ANYTHING.The fun in this game is gone, since there are only tryhards left, killing everyone whos not grinding this game easily + being super toxic after killing you. 75% off all times you kill someone or get killed you are called trash or they wish you to get cancer.Daybreak also wanted to make the game esportrdy without providing solid prove off ppl getting banned (for teaming) and so on. I would hardly recommend not to play a game of this company and try to safe yourself from the worst community i ever witnessed in an online game
Posted: July 3, 2017	3	51	None	59	6.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22
												H1Z1 may have been the king of the battle royale market back in its days of inception, but with Battlegrounds and Fortnite both evolving the genre in distinctive ways, it no longer feels as relevant...
Posted: July 3, 2017	53	138	None	59	2,477.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 6
												F2P OR THE GAME WILL DIE , WE NEED FREE TO PLAY BEFORE Z1 GETS RELEASED  
Posted: July 3, 2017	22	154	None	59	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30
Early Access Review
								PUBG and Fortnite are superior in every single way(The game was split into different launchers, which is why it says 2 hours when I really have 20 hours total.)
Posted: February 22, 2016	24	87	None	10	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game. All they care about is Money. Only got it because Devs would dupe your account if you own a copy. Nice try Devs10/10 would buy and refund the game just to get items duped.
Posted: February 22, 2016	10	36	None	10	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25
												that project start with hope and promises and end with disaster. gj really gj !!!
Posted: February 22, 2016	4	34	None	10	232.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								graphics 6/10sounds 8/10gameplay 7/10 (first of all, Im not a native speaker of english so there might be some grammar mistakes, hope u ignore them and understand me. :)Im not gonna talk about the game much, this article is mostly about a spesific problem that I and many people  have. Its fun exept having a stupid spawn system, weird physics, many bugs which is pretty normal for such a new game in alpha so not really a big problem for now.But there are many simple and small bugs that would be really easy to fix them for Developers - Creators of the game like the Steering wheels of vehicles not steering, door-jump bug, and many small things that i cant remember atm. A big part of this game is skins, almost everybody like them and have different nice skins, but we all  have to wear our skins every single time on waiting lobby before match, I think it would be really easy for Daybreak squad to make an option to Set skins as custom outfit on main menu or something like that so we wouldn't lose time on every begginning of a match. But the biggest reason of the game making me cancer is the developers of the game that they dont care about players, There are thousands of players who has the  ''Overlay not displaying with shift+TAB'' issue but %90 of them can't solve it properly and creators of game never publish an official solution or a patch to fix it. The thing that I cant understand its we all know such a greedy - stingy company is DayBreak, But many people can't buy keys-cases because of the shift+TAB problem, But they are insisting to not solve this damn issue and let people have fun. Its annoying A.F. When people text me from steam, I cant answer without pressing ALT+TAB, I cant buy keys-cases in no way, when my friends invite me to lobby i need to ALT+TAB again. I bought this game approximetly 1 year ago, trying to fix it since last summer, spent around 6-7 hours to fix and haven't done a progress at all. I hope someone sees that, rather than seeing that, i hope they give a **** about that, cuz im really having fun with this game and my fun-meter would increase 150% if the steam overlay would display.
Posted: February 22, 2016	87	300	None	10	156.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Wait time in queues are longer than the gameplay.Updates don't fix ANY bugs.Servers are down 50% of the time.
Posted: February 22, 2016	23	432	None	10	562.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is garbage, buy PUBG instead.PUBG Is the better Battle Royale game while h1z1 is better deathmatch game.h1z1 devolopers are greedy and over 2 years they still haven't fixed a lot of bugs with their game like its mindblowing.
Posted: February 22, 2016	9	28	None	10	54.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I want my money back. gg
Posted: February 22, 2016	15	20	None	10	67.5	Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2016
Early Access Review
								I thought it was "King of the hill" not "King of the kill" for almost a year, feelsbadman
Posted: February 22, 2016	7	118	None	10	239.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								don't waste your money and time into this game.
Posted: February 22, 2016	0	18	None	10	2,981.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Hjackers is coming FREE TO PLAY ? NO THANKS *delete*
Posted: February 22, 2016	153	62	None	10	559.8	Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								i'm doing this to level up my steam profile.
Posted: February 28	5	39	None	589	169.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Great Game but killed by the DEVELOPER in 28 FEBRUARY Patch !Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ 
Posted: February 28	1	37	None	589	632.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fix shotgun daybreak
Posted: February 28	15	16	None	589	16.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 12
												$ PRICE / QUALITY☐ not worth ☐ acceptable☑ absolutely worthϟ REQUIREMENTS☐ potato PC☐ minimum☐ medium☑ high end☐ NASA computerⓄ GRAPHICS☐ kill me pls☐ bad☐ OK☑ good☑ eye candy (low to medium)☐ masterpiece (high and up)ⓘ GAME TIME☐ download took longer☐ short☐ few hours☐ plenty of hours☑ long☑ endless☐ endless ++✎ STORY☑ no story :(☐ this is story?!☐ semi-decent☐ good☐ fantastic☠ DIFFICULTY☐ you don't need mouse and keyboard☐ easy☐ easy to learn, hard to master☑ hard☑ extreme☐ pc out the window!☼ BUGS☐ it's a game, huh?☐ unposiblle to play☑ many bugs, but playable☐ few bugs☐ nothing
Posted: February 28	0	14	None	589	231.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game had something great going when it was owned by SOE.. Once daybreak took over, you saw the shift from a company trying to create a quality product with great graphics to a company that only cares about the money its getting out and literally cares nothing about the game itself... there is yet to be a single patch to this game that been game changing since daybreak took over...Lets talk about the split.With the split of the games, the reasoning behind it as Daybreak put, "So we could have different teams working on the different games with different agendas...."SO FAR EVERY UPDATE AND CRATE RELEASED HAS BEEN FOR BOTH GAMES, WITHOUT ANY DIFFERENCE AT ALL FOR EACH GAME....Dont waste money on this game,  I don't recomment it to anyone. 
Posted: February 28	0	14	None	589	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								dont buy it. its cr.p
Posted: February 28	3	12	None	589	4,504.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Early Access Review
								10/10 A game that you can grind your heart away with and still have fun messing around at the same time. You can make the game competitive or casual depend on how you want to make the game each and every time you spawn in. It's up to you to choose how you want to play. That just makes it even funnier when do something stupid or all the more awesome when you make a great play.
Posted: February 28	1	12	None	589	53.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								First it was suposed to be Free to play, now its not, then they splited the game in 2 difrente gfames jsut to make more money out of it. This is total disrespect on us and I think this game shouldn´t be bought and I wish I could refund it (I bought it wehn it was only one game)
Posted: February 28	15	12	None	589	271.8	Recommended	
Posted: January 13
Early Access Review
								Endless mental torture
Posted: February 28	4	27	None	589	32.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its pathetic. You would think that after they made it into two games they would make it better. Before if i queued for a 2 person "king of the kill" i would get in instantly. Now its expecting me to wait 15 minutes for that. Or 3 minutes just for a solo queue. Thats dumb. They made the game worse. As of 2/19/2016 dont get this game. Very dumb. They should make more servers so you can get in faster. Garbage developers. Expect me to wait 15 minutes so i can play their sh***y game. Nah fam.
Posted: February 28	5	10	None	589	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Name should be H1Z1: King of Bugs.
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	10	None	92	26.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								There is litterally no skill in this game what so ever, its grounded on ♥♥♥♥ing b**lsh*t! I do not recommend anyone buying this if they don't like that kind of stuff, and by stuff i mean BS!
Posted: February 24, 2016	4	10	None	92	3,280.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 6, 2017
												By far the best hate-love simulator since 2015 ! <310/10 would rage again !
Posted: February 24, 2016	6	10	None	92	0.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 26
												Not the most fun i have had on a battle royal but its well optimised and has some cool ideas
Posted: February 24, 2016	1	10	None	92	602.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 7
												It is in the best state it has ever been as of this date, give it a try if you already own it but forgot about it. its not that bad yo its just not I have fun
Posted: February 24, 2016	34	53	None	92	998.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Spend more time laggin rather than playing. Best game ever. 10/5
Posted: February 24, 2016	6	38	None	92	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												Pros> Game is very well Optimised and gives 60fps on most low end PCs> concept of surviving among 150 players is really cool!!> Its Free to play> Guns feel realistic> Good graphicsCons> Bad Servers > very high ping on almost all high speed internet connections i have tested so far !!> Lots of Hackers> Vehicle Riding is really bad>Jumping and running animations are crap>Physics used at its worst overall i wont recommend this game to any Battle Royale fans
Posted: February 24, 2016	1	23	None	92	12.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								I remember about a year ago it was pretty enjoyable but now it just feels empty and unsatisfying... shooting feels very random, it takes way too long to actually get in a game and it just seems like theres no skill required... i got to top 5 by just running around :Sit runs pretty well though which is nice (lookin at you PUBG)
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	8	None	92	320.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												This game is perfect if you wanna enter a lobby with 39-50 people. Keep in mind most of the people who still play this were to poor to afford pubg and think fortnite is for kids. Also basically every player is a semi pro player looking for a team so if your new I would not get this game.
Posted: February 24, 2016	1	8	None	92	213.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 7
												♥♥♥♥ING WORST GAME EVER I PLAYED ye daybreak you said shotgun is fixed crouch spam is fixed the falling down bug is fixed but nothing is fixed if you want to get cancer just play this game wait did i say game ? this is ♥♥♥♥ing joke this game is terrbile if you want to play just go ahead ye daybreak keep going like this. Every ♥♥♥♥ing players are toxic they dont even know how to sprintThey are coming with shotgun killing in one shot from behind and saying omg what a trash player you are the trash you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥and one more thing shotgun fights you are killing a enemy with 2-3 shots but ALWAYS THEY ARE KILLING IN FIRST SHOT i am not a noob or free to player ye thats all if you want to get cancer just play this game you will rage for all timeYe armor + helmet = 1 body shot with shotgun long range ?????? dude this game is a joke WTF IS THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥br>wait wait wait and steps this game has no step sound you CANT HEAR THE GUY FFSand i didint even say anything about just survive LOLNEWS: i didint press my nade bar but game automaticly pressed to my nade bar and aimed to someone that was random and i didint understand anything so it means rip my 14 kill game keep going like that daybreak
Posted: February 24, 2016	1	8	None	92	112.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Its not the same anymore... its just very awful
Posted: May 11	2	8	None	45	403.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 11
												Probably the worst company ever to exist. Daybreak doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their community. They changed core mechanics of the game and completely ruined it. If you're looking to buy this game, don't, it's not worth your time. The old H1Z1 was so much better, but after all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates Daybreak has rolled out, they've turned their game in to complete garbage. They altered the core mechanics of the game (Gun mechanics [recoil] and movement). Just don't play this game. Daybreak is not a community oriented company. They don't listen to their community and the Devs think they know more than the players. Rest in Peace old H1.. You will be missed.
Posted: May 11	3	8	None	45	4,165.5	Recommended	
Posted: July 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								Love this game.
Posted: May 11	0	8	None	45	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								I bought a gas mask skin but guess what?there is no gas mask can be found in BR.dev team please fix this issue, otherwise players are wasting there mony buying skins.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------let's get back to the gameplay itself.this game is fun indeed, but you soon get bored becasue of  limited variety of weapons.The combat pace is not well-tuned yet. The map is too big for BR mode so players spend most of the time traveling to safe area, butany confrontation might kills you in 10 secs. It is frustrating.   
Posted: May 11	0	8	None	45	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 was meant ot be a single game where you could choose either pure pve or pve + pvp as most games, In the early access they stated that it will become free to play eventually, needless to say, they did not keep their word, not only they split the main game into two seperate modes (games), pve and pvp but also put the same hefty price tag for their "new" offspring. Greed got the upper hand it seems...  As if the skins weren`t enough already! 
Posted: May 11	0	8	None	45	1,300.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								was a good game until they messsed it up how did they go so wrong
Posted: May 11	3	8	None	45	1,125.6	Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game may have gone in the wrong direction and it seemed like the devs wernt listing to use but it seems like there finally happing the game is going back to its roots they intend to remaster the best version of h1     Z1 also if you check reddit they are doing stuff like revers ask me anything, the devs are asking the community for feed bad and what was so good about Z1 and what they can do to go make the game good agine.This game dosnt deserve the hate it gets sure some of the stuff in this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but is it a terrible game no its fun fast past and unlike PUGB where if you try to find combat you will get it, this game is just people looking for a fight but PUGB because its so overhyped i go enite games looking for fights and its not possble because everone is just hiding in a house till the very end of the game.I think both games are good and should stop being compared to each other one is fast and arcade and the other is slow and somewhat tatical aprt from everone being ♥♥♥♥♥s and hiding the entire game.
Posted: May 11	0	8	None	45	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Just now leaving early acces after years and year, ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic, get on PuBG's level ♥♥♥♥♥s. Goodluck making money off poor mans Battle Royal, glad PuBG took your game and made it better in every way possible.
Posted: May 11	5	21	None	45	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								you see my playtime, thats actually my waiting for server time. i couldnt play game even for a minute.
Posted: May 11	4	8	None	45	12.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												I PAYED FOR THIS GAME YET IT TOOK IT AWAY FROM ME WHAT THE HECK
Posted: May 11	2	21	None	45	166.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 8, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this buggy♥♥♥♥♥game when they had the original map and it was in early access. They single handedly ♥♥♥♥ing destroyed this game with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing graphics change that was unnecessary, and somehow made it buggier than before and ruined every aspect of the game players loved in the early access. Change when it wasn't even necessary. ♥♥♥♥ this broken♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Looks like a ♥♥♥♥ing mobile game now, good work daybreak.
Posted: October 8, 2016	2	21	None	70	166.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 8, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								I loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this buggy♥♥♥♥♥game when they had the original map and it was in early access. They single handedly ♥♥♥♥ing destroyed this game with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing graphics change that was unnecessary, and somehow made it buggier than before and ruined every aspect of the game players loved in the early access. Change when it wasn't even necessary. ♥♥♥♥ this broken♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Looks like a ♥♥♥♥ing mobile game now, good work daybreak.
Posted: October 8, 2016	9	123	None	70	134.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								If you have followed the progress of this game since launch it has proven to be far too much for the developers to handle. The countless amount of bugs caused me to stop playing the game a while back and as far as I can tell from the twitch community its just as bad as it once was. Oh but theres new crates cus thats what we needed lol thanks GameBreak.
Posted: October 8, 2016	1	19	None	70	469.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								You guys Destroyed the game with the update hip fire sucks now your game sucks now. Bring back the hold game
Posted: October 8, 2016	3	65	None	70	147.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Laggy ass♥♥♥♥, dumb searching system, the same problems when it first launched.They ♥♥♥♥ed again, just to ♥♥♥♥♥ more money.
Posted: October 8, 2016	7	52	None	70	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								is bad
Posted: October 8, 2016	0	6	None	70	28.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								I cant really tell you what the big hype for this game is. I think the big thing that gets me is the constant bugs. Bugs from getting stuck on the ground when landing, going underneath the map, getting stuck in the cars, and fences.The game is great if you take away from the bugs but it does need a lot of work.The biggiest problem i have is a2 shotgun rounds point blank in the head doesnt kill someone with no helmet, but an ar15 going after someone with a helmet can kill me with 4shots with full health. The game logic doesnt add up and from playing this game last year to now, this was still a major problem they had. After a year of this being a standalone, i really cant see the big issues being fixed. But besides the bugs the combat is really fun when the bugs arnt happeming. You will always be surrounded by people keeping your guard up most of the time.ProsDriver carsLots of ppl to fight offGotta lead your shotsPlenty of gunsrandom bombs will drop on youLots of buildings to enterConsThe gas moves to slow needs to be sped upBugs ruin the gamecouple of cheaters (every online game has em)Shotguns dont work most of the time
Posted: October 8, 2016	1	6	None	70	129.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								no gimme my nomination badge
Posted: October 8, 2016	0	17	None	70	113.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								game is cancer, get playerunknown's battlegrounds when released
Posted: October 8, 2016	4	17	None	70	806.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								NEW EDIT 01.02.2018After giving a lot of chances to the developers to make their mind up I'm DONE with H1Z1. Here's couple of reasons why:* Since I started playing the game (at the end of pre-season 4) they changed so many times to recoil of the weapons.. that.. well I don't know what to say. First of all you learn new recoil and next pre-season there is new recoil. The next pre-season there is no recoil - no skill gap. Then they put NEW one and new and new. The community asks for pre-season 3 recoil. They return it and two days later they make changes to it. Same with the movement, damage of weapons and other game core settings. I know that this game is in Early Access but for how many years? People are leaving, the game is NOT OPTIMIZED at all, Desync screws the game. From 25,000+ players daily become to 5,000 +/- Not talking about the prices of skins - lower and lower.For me it's not worth it more than 2.50$If they make their minds with the game core and leave it without changing it every month/pre-season, if they optimize it and fix the desync maybe people will be back, but I don't RECOMMEND to invest money and time in this game. Maybe you can play 4 fun, but not as main game.  Hi there, Lot's of my friends were playing H1Z1 for a while so i decided to give a try. Bought it with -40% discount - fair price. Personally I do like and enjoy this game, but as the game is in early access certainly does have its ups and downs. I watched lots of YouTube videos on battlegrounds and H1Z1 before I decide witch should I get.I don't think it's good idea to waste so much money on Battlegrounds, just play H1Z1. This game has it's fair amount of bug's but it gets better with new updates. The real con of this game is the hackers and bugs that ruin the game.I hope Daybreak will make better anti-cheat system and they start listening the community .. then the game will be on another level!* You need friends to play this game otherwise your teammates will kill you or you'll get bored quick. <- FIXED  * The game is not worth 20 euros * There are a hackers <- NOT ANYMORE * The shotgun is overpowered - sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't <- Kinda' fixed with the last update* So far there are lot's of bugs that will screw your game <- they are still fixin' it ;) * You have to have powerful graphics card <- Still FPS drops* Lots of team mates in solo * Not balanced rank system. <- workin' on it ;) + It's relaxing and fun+ If you play with friends it's awesome and fun+ I like the concept + Worth to buy it on -40% discount + If you don't like it you can always refund the game+ No Russians I would recommend this game to my friends! + I would like to see in future updates that people can loose their ranks.+ I would like to see H1Z1 Steam Badge
Posted: October 8, 2016	1	6	None	70	265.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								Too broken, ive had  atleast 3 different types of car glitches, not enough veichles to get away from the smoke, people running thru closed doors, also you can't even heal in the car as passenger while your buddies driving;then theres dying in less than a sec after landing, wouldnt it just be easier to have a 10-30 sec safety looting period for people who just landed, so they dont get shot by those who have already been looting 5 min before them. I think it's important since i occasionally or always land in already started match...now i cant even get in the car for fear of it killing me, nor can i even rely on doors to do their job: all of this in one match and don't forget the bullets that seem to go through anything.
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	6	None	12	67.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game to play with friends!
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	6	None	12	110.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								Needs work.. simple
Posted: March 25, 2017	2	6	None	12	155.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 3
Early Access Review
								===[ Audience: ]=== ☑ Kids☐ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☐ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[Price/quality: ]=== ☐Full price ☐ Wait for sale ☐ Average☑ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☑ Minimum☐ Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end ☐ NASA computer===[ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ Bugs ]=== ☑  Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing♛ Overall: 3/10
Posted: March 25, 2017	1	6	None	12	129.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								no gimme my nomination badge
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	6	None	12	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24
												The development practices perpetrated by Daybreak (ripping off every single person who gave money to develop H1Z1 before it turned into an asset flipping cash grab) are unforgivable and developers who participate in such practices should crash and burn.
Posted: March 25, 2017	4	17	None	12	806.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								NEW EDIT 01.02.2018After giving a lot of chances to the developers to make their mind up I'm DONE with H1Z1. Here's couple of reasons why:* Since I started playing the game (at the end of pre-season 4) they changed so many times to recoil of the weapons.. that.. well I don't know what to say. First of all you learn new recoil and next pre-season there is new recoil. The next pre-season there is no recoil - no skill gap. Then they put NEW one and new and new. The community asks for pre-season 3 recoil. They return it and two days later they make changes to it. Same with the movement, damage of weapons and other game core settings. I know that this game is in Early Access but for how many years? People are leaving, the game is NOT OPTIMIZED at all, Desync screws the game. From 25,000+ players daily become to 5,000 +/- Not talking about the prices of skins - lower and lower.For me it's not worth it more than 2.50$If they make their minds with the game core and leave it without changing it every month/pre-season, if they optimize it and fix the desync maybe people will be back, but I don't RECOMMEND to invest money and time in this game. Maybe you can play 4 fun, but not as main game.  Hi there, Lot's of my friends were playing H1Z1 for a while so i decided to give a try. Bought it with -40% discount - fair price. Personally I do like and enjoy this game, but as the game is in early access certainly does have its ups and downs. I watched lots of YouTube videos on battlegrounds and H1Z1 before I decide witch should I get.I don't think it's good idea to waste so much money on Battlegrounds, just play H1Z1. This game has it's fair amount of bug's but it gets better with new updates. The real con of this game is the hackers and bugs that ruin the game.I hope Daybreak will make better anti-cheat system and they start listening the community .. then the game will be on another level!* You need friends to play this game otherwise your teammates will kill you or you'll get bored quick. <- FIXED  * The game is not worth 20 euros * There are a hackers <- NOT ANYMORE * The shotgun is overpowered - sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't <- Kinda' fixed with the last update* So far there are lot's of bugs that will screw your game <- they are still fixin' it ;) * You have to have powerful graphics card <- Still FPS drops* Lots of team mates in solo * Not balanced rank system. <- workin' on it ;) + It's relaxing and fun+ If you play with friends it's awesome and fun+ I like the concept + Worth to buy it on -40% discount + If you don't like it you can always refund the game+ No Russians I would recommend this game to my friends! + I would like to see in future updates that people can loose their ranks.+ I would like to see H1Z1 Steam Badge
Posted: March 25, 2017	2	6	None	12	57.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	6	None	12	328.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very very fun game when it works. Devs seam to be making more of a efort right now this might become a must buy game for fps fans if they continu to inprove it and show they care.
Posted: March 25, 2017	3	6	None	12	1,008.8	Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								总体来说游戏还是不错的，只不过让素质差的玩家带节奏比较严重
Posted: March 25, 2017	1	17	None	12	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								If I pay $20 for an early access game, shoudn't I be able to move around? When my parachute hits the ground I try using WASD but nothing happens. I used to get 45-60 fps, now I get 8-33. w h y  d i d  y o u  d o  t h i s
Posted: February 20, 2016	1	6	None	10	85.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Been playing this game for the last 12 hours and I've been in queue for 11.5 of those hours.
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	6	None	10	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just wanna more money to never release this game and pack their bags with money :(
Posted: February 20, 2016	2	6	None	10	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								I'm going to say "Meh". Why the bad review?Well, I'm not going to write the full story, I'll try to keep it short.My first day of H1Z1: King of the Kill, my third match. We play in a team of 3, I'm just getting to learn the basics.One of my teammates dies soon after we landed, the other one gets shot few minutes later when we were looting. I manage to kill the attacker and now I'm alone with more than 100 other players alive.So I just hide inside a trailer and wait... and wait, lucky for me I am in a pretty good spot (G 6), gas wasn't coming in my area. At some point, when there were around 30 people left alive, I decide to leave my spot as gas was coming my way. I manage to kill 2 guys driving a car and follow my way up the hill.Fast forward, there's 7 of us alive, I'm really excited to have gotten this far. I was on TeamSpeak with my teammates describing what's happening and asking for advice. The area without gas is becoming a tiny dot and forcing us to meet... Considering this was a match of up to 5 players teams, I decide to hide after some trees and wait for one of the (at least) 2 remaining teams to kill the other one so I could actually stand a chance.And then it happens... game closes, no error, no message, no nothing. And now I'm writing this review...
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	6	None	10	61.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game revolvs around a "Hunger games" sort of concept, with players dropping in and having to kill one-another until one (Or 1 team, depending on game mode) remains. Now, where does this game go wrong?Well first of all:H1Z1 is not a recent game. It's been around since 2015 all though the standard version is just like any other DayZ ripoff. What is truely shameful is the fact that even though H1Z1 Just survive (the name of the first title) is STILL IN EARLY ACCESS when they decided to make this game which is: Big surprise, an early access game. I won't lie, this game is a buggy damn mess, it has lots of crashing issues, bugs where you drop from the sky without a parachute non of which seem to grab the attention of the devs even though they are common known issues.I've experiened:-Dying from walking into a desk-Unable to loot inventories of dead players-Grenades, molotovs (are still) nearly unusable due to the fact that you have to stand dead still to even toss the thing, move in any direction (or if you stand crouched) and your guy will forget what on earth he's doing and not toss the damn thing at the people trying to kill him-Dropping from the sky without parachute-And the classic: Crashing The devs update with mainly cosmetic items  Gotta keep the cash flowing, bug fixing don't pay the bills and even that is horrendous, they removed any ability to sell items over the Steam market after i guess items lost value due to it or something, they also added a trade-ban for items, so anytime you get something or trade for something it becomes untradable for a week. Yes, when you TRADE it. The item will continue to be untradable each time it is moved from one place to another, like via a trade.The only reason for this would be if someone made lots of alt Daybreak accounts just to spam recive items but they have a plugin for that which locks the game to the daybreak account that first started the game, so why keep having this annoying trade restriction? No reason, just for giggles i guess.Extra issues i will add over time as i notice them:-You see those screenshots (screenshot 3, 4 and 5) you see on the store page with the night time setting, mists and pretty okay lighting? That's just fake. It doesn't exist in the game. I've gone through all settings so if it does exist, it requires you to tamper with the game files to enable them, won't surprise me if they were removed due to the game being to sh*tty to handle them.
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	6	None	10	370.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												can i just have my 19:99 euro back, i need too pay my bills, plz daybreak
Posted: February 20, 2016	5	17	None	10	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Just go play PUBG.
Posted: February 20, 2016	17	39	None	10	54.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15, 2016
Early Access Review
								wow they made it two games and its twice as bad
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	6	None	10	31.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17
												ban daybreak from steam
Posted: February 20, 2016	7	6	None	10	0.1	Recommended	
Posted: May 11
												nice with cheets
Posted: February 20, 2016	0	6	None	10	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game concept is fun but there's no SEA server!
Posted: March 5	3	6	None	19	3,465.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												best game ever 100%
Posted: March 5	1	6	None	19	2,219.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 21
												Amazing game that was ruined by incompetent devs catch me on Islands of Nyne
Posted: March 5	4	6	None	19	23.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 2
												can't even alt+f4
Posted: March 5	2	6	None	19	3,553.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 15
												It's a lot of fun and a little frustrating but a good way to meet a lot of fun people. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Posted: March 5	0	6	None	19	65.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9, 2017
												Es ist einfach nur eine Frechheit, dass die Hersteller das Spiel jetzt kostenlos gemacht haben.Ich hätte gerne meinen Zwani zurück.
Posted: March 5	1	6	None	19	637.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14
												I was in love with H1Z1, now I hate it. It's destroyed now :(
Posted: March 5	92	112	None	19	7.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								WhitePower is a banned name.BlackPower  is not a banned name./confused
Posted: March 5	19	26	None	19	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 29
												I payed 15 euros for this game and now its free to play. can I please get my money back?
Posted: March 5	22	75	None	19	551.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								New Update = "Lets break every ♥♥♥♥ing thing".
Posted: March 5	17	405	None	19	456.4	Recommended	
Posted: August 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								THIS IS MY OPINION. SORRY IF YOU DON'T AGREE.ALSO PUBG HAS FIXED ALOT OF THINGS I'VE STATED. If you're stuck between PUBG and KOTK let me just break it down for you. KOTK PROS -•	Fast paced •	Will run much better on most low end computers, don’t try to buy PUBG if you don’t have at least a decent computer•	Nice art style•	Consistent updates•	Simple•	Very entertaining with friends•	Spawns are completely random•	Good time-to-kill ratio with headshots (as in feels correct when shooting, I feel like I'm doing damage)•	Car mechanics work fluidly in this game•	Great skins•	Ranking system is greatKOTK CONS –•	Hit or miss when it comes to hit registering (better hope you’re lucky)•	A few very minor bugs•	A 1 in every 500 chance you run into a hacker of some sorts•	Game ends in a few set areas so it gets old after a while but a new update will fix that•	Not many different variants of guns (new one coming soon)*out now the HellfireOverall I love KOTK and I personally prefer it, but I’ll still put it to you straight on PUBG.PUBG PROS - VERY CONSISTENT UPDATES•	Very realistic looking graphics and weapons•	Weapons can have attachments•	Huge map•	Hiding is pretty good (especially in wheat fields) which may be a con for you•	Map helps you find your way easily (very noob friendly)•	Ability to choose where you land to a degree•	Many different map settings•	Weather occurs•	Character movement is absolutely dope in my opinion•	There’s boats•	More weaponsPUBG CONS – •	Misleading weapon mechanics and time to kill •	Cars are clunky and all around just do not work well•	The ability to choose spawns makes players spawn in a very linear line which isn’t my favorite honestly (and no you cant reach almost any point when you drop out, you can go pretty far though)• 100 (from what I've had in games at least) people spawn compared to 174 in H1Z1 which just makes H1Z1 more actioned packed•	Kick and bullet drop on weapons seems to be not as polished in my opinion then KOTK•	You have nothing to really play for, there are ranks (stats wise) but H1Z1 has a way of making you feel more rewarded with placements (yes you get points at a end of a game in PUBG so you can get your 6 cent skin)On the bright side of things, I do believe PUBG has a way higher ceiling then KOTK so it could easily prove me wrong.So there you have it. I was trying my best to not be biased but overall KOTK is my game. Don’t get me wrong, they are both good games and have their own futures. Should be great to watch them grow. Hope this helped. Later.
Posted: April 10	48	109	None	59	24.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 10
												Why the f@#$ are you crying for a refund? you all knew it would have gone ftp eventually. You just supported the devs as I did....damn hippies.
Posted: April 10	16	42	None	59	240.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 15
												OLD AR MODELS
Posted: April 10	0	4	None	59	494.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								优化垃圾的一批 外挂也不整治   一款过气游戏  用不着浪费钱了
Posted: April 10	1	4	None	59	618.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME DAYBREAK!!!!!
Posted: April 10	0	4	None	59	360.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								this game gave me cancer 10/10
Posted: April 10	0	4	None	59	560.3	Recommended	
Posted: May 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is very good, I like it
Posted: April 10	0	4	None	59	541.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
Early Access Review
								Pros: fun to play with friends, steep but rewarding learning curveCons: early access for 824 years, toxic community, poor updates, glitchy game play, slow-paced, lacks players now (majority of people that still play are professionals and streamers) and so the game is even slower than intended. With 40 players in the whole arena,  you can spend 10 minutes just running around without seeing anyone and then the first person you see will usually two tap and the game is over.This game had a lot of potential but the development team let it go downhill. Such a disappointment.
Posted: April 10	1	4	None	59	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Took my money and added insult to injury when they put a $100 DLC on something "free" I already had to pay for...
Posted: April 10	0	4	None	59	213.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is a mess. Why won't the developers fix anything or add any of the content they promised?
Posted: April 10	0	4	None	59	257.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								stop spending time making skins and start spending time making a complete game, you idiots.
Posted: March 16	1	4	None	140	52.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												BS I HAD TO BUY THIS AND NOW ITS FREE BECAUSE ITS SO DEAD NICE.....
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	108.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26
Early Access Review
								Terrible game, mechanics make me throw up in my mouth, awful dev's, filled with cheaters. They ruined their own game with a flawed combat system and one of the worst put together maps I've ever seen. Poorly optimized, with ton's of desync problems, and just not FUN anymore. I would play it again if they reverted the game back to it's original state before they branced off into two terrible projects. Good job destroying your game Daybreak. I would not waste my money on such an abomination.
Posted: March 16	1	4	None	140	276.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 6
												Not worth spending your time on, take it from someone who spent about 2k hours in the game before  & after the name change & game split, and I regret almost every hour of it.
Posted: March 16	3	4	None	140	43.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19
Early Access Review
								Daybreak be putting more effort into posters than the game its self.
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	169.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just an absolutly horibble game.... Nothing is right, it's $20 and they cannot higher good Developers to fix things... Do NOT recommend.
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	49.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												I paid $20 for this game and now its free? waste of money
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	9.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played the game when it was orignally just called H1Z1, but I decided to try it to see if it's improved. I have to say the game has not changed graphically, gameplay wise. The map is bigger forsure which is awesome, theres tons of character custimization if you are into that. However when I tried changing into anything but pants it resets my character for some odd reason. The game seems to run worse which is odd because I remember h1z1 running at a perfect 60fps with little stutter. The moment I started the game the menu was like super zoomed in which was odd, although I fixed it. Then there were the custimization problems and my character kept floating away and the menu camera would stare into the sky which is really weird. I wouldn't reccommend this unless you get it for like $5 bucks or something. This game is not worth the current price especially since its been in early access for so damn long it's basically the new DAYZ battle royale style. So much potential went to waste.
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	6.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 25
												Do NOT trust Daybreak Games. This game originated from a game that was supposed to be a post-apocolyptic zombie survival game, and they failed miserably. They make promises about what the game will be, take your money (even though they claimed it would be free-to-pay), shoved in loot boxes, then focused on a Battle Royale game because they suck at making a survival game. Don't support H1Z1 or Daybreak Games, they're both♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't deserve anyone's time or money.
Posted: March 16	2	4	None	140	5.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												Daybreak Game Company,look at this...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	5.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I want my money back
Posted: November 5, 2016	1	4	None	147	445.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								don't buy this game
Posted: November 5, 2016	1	4	None	147	1,181.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								great game but takes alot to learn...
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	169.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just an absolutly horibble game.... Nothing is right, it's $20 and they cannot higher good Developers to fix things... Do NOT recommend.
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	49.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												I paid $20 for this game and now its free? waste of money
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	6.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 25
												Do NOT trust Daybreak Games. This game originated from a game that was supposed to be a post-apocolyptic zombie survival game, and they failed miserably. They make promises about what the game will be, take your money (even though they claimed it would be free-to-pay), shoved in loot boxes, then focused on a Battle Royale game because they suck at making a survival game. Don't support H1Z1 or Daybreak Games, they're both♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't deserve anyone's time or money.
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	213.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is a mess. Why won't the developers fix anything or add any of the content they promised?
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	257.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								stop spending time making skins and start spending time making a complete game, you idiots.
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	9.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played the game when it was orignally just called H1Z1, but I decided to try it to see if it's improved. I have to say the game has not changed graphically, gameplay wise. The map is bigger forsure which is awesome, theres tons of character custimization if you are into that. However when I tried changing into anything but pants it resets my character for some odd reason. The game seems to run worse which is odd because I remember h1z1 running at a perfect 60fps with little stutter. The moment I started the game the menu was like super zoomed in which was odd, although I fixed it. Then there were the custimization problems and my character kept floating away and the menu camera would stare into the sky which is really weird. I wouldn't reccommend this unless you get it for like $5 bucks or something. This game is not worth the current price especially since its been in early access for so damn long it's basically the new DAYZ battle royale style. So much potential went to waste.
Posted: November 5, 2016	1	4	None	147	276.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 6
												Not worth spending your time on, take it from someone who spent about 2k hours in the game before  & after the name change & game split, and I regret almost every hour of it.
Posted: November 5, 2016	0	4	None	147	541.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11
Early Access Review
								Pros: fun to play with friends, steep but rewarding learning curveCons: early access for 824 years, toxic community, poor updates, glitchy game play, slow-paced, lacks players now (majority of people that still play are professionals and streamers) and so the game is even slower than intended. With 40 players in the whole arena,  you can spend 10 minutes just running around without seeing anyone and then the first person you see will usually two tap and the game is over.This game had a lot of potential but the development team let it go downhill. Such a disappointment.
Posted: March 16	1	4	None	140	52.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												BS I HAD TO BUY THIS AND NOW ITS FREE BECAUSE ITS SO DEAD NICE.....
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	108.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26
Early Access Review
								Terrible game, mechanics make me throw up in my mouth, awful dev's, filled with cheaters. They ruined their own game with a flawed combat system and one of the worst put together maps I've ever seen. Poorly optimized, with ton's of desync problems, and just not FUN anymore. I would play it again if they reverted the game back to it's original state before they branced off into two terrible projects. Good job destroying your game Daybreak. I would not waste my money on such an abomination.
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												Dissapointed
Posted: March 16	2	4	None	140	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												1st releases as 1 single game with h1z1 and battle royale for 1 priceThen h1z1 and battle royale was seperated to 2 different games that you had to buy seperatlyAnd now releases h1z1 and battle royale for freeCan we get a refund or ?
Posted: March 16	1	4	None	140	52.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								developers  fix your game instead of adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	124.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Servers are garbage
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	223.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								FULL OF BUGS IN THIS GAME. I JUMPED OUT MY CAR AND MY WEAPONS TURNED TO SHOTGUN, THEN IT TURN TO TELESCOPE. DAMN GAME  DAMN DAYBREAK
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	313.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23
Early Access Review
								Well...people say this a lot and il say it again H1Z1 was a game killed by devs gets worse patch by patch.If you are planing to buy the game now DONT it will die soon and it just isnt worth it.But if you already have it why not play it before its dead 
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	10.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 7, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Didn't pay for the game. Still got ripped off
Posted: March 16	0	4	None	140	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8
												Since the game is now free, can I have my money back?
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	4	None	42	56.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥IN BROKEN I CANT ♥♥♥♥ING SHOOT OR PUNCH ITS SO ♥♥♥♥IN BROKEN!!!!
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	4	None	42	129.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Paid 19,99€ for nothing. Thanks Daybreak.
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	4	None	42	590.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't buy this game. The devs do not give a ♥♥♥♥ about it or you. I only play this game because its a crippling addiction. Constant bugs and terrigle registration make this game extremely rage inducing and unrewarding.Edit: The game is a lil better but don't get into it, it will drain the esscense of your very soul.
Posted: January 5, 2017	1	4	None	42	52.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								developers  fix your game instead of adding ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	4	None	42	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												Dissapointed
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	4	None	42	1,533.5	Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								GREAT GAME DONT BUY PUBG THAT GAME IS TRASH
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	4	None	42	101.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30, 2017
												Good game, but it needs some work. So i suggest not buying it while daybreak are in controll of it.Its a broken peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ which has a hell of alot of glithces ect. Daybreak are useless, as useless as you can amagine.
Posted: January 5, 2017	1	4	None	42	445.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								don't buy this game
Posted: January 5, 2017	1	4	None	42	1,181.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								great game but takes alot to learn...
Posted: January 5, 2017	2	4	None	42	4.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												Can I have my money back?
Posted: March 5	0	4	None	10	933.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												Always messing with the core mechanics of the game. If you are trying to grind a game this is not for you. Wouldnt recommend it.
Posted: March 5	3	4	None	10	43.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19
Early Access Review
								Daybreak be putting more effort into posters than the game its self.
Posted: March 5	0	4	None	10	5.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I want my money back
Posted: March 5	2	4	None	10	5.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
												Daybreak Game Company,look at this...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: March 5	0	4	None	10	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
First ImpressionsOpens game; requires Daybreak account; creates one; shows password in plain text; verifies account and launches game; receives G29 error loop; hasn't played the game after an hour.Quick ReviewFinally able to enter the game, unfortunately closest server has 100ms ping. Initially died because fist hits don't register properly, then died because helmet couldn't handle a bullet (realistic, but meh), and finally died because someone saw me from somewhere I couldn't see (first-person peek versus third-person peek).
Posted: March 5	0	4	None	10	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								For now, I can't recommend this game, maybe it's my computer but I kept getting great big fukkoff glaring lights in my FOV obscuring something like 90% of what I should have been able to see...and there's also the fact that movement was stuttery as all hell, but again that may be down to my computer...I may be back one day, when I get a better computer, to try again but for now, it's a no from me
Posted: March 5	1	4	None	10	1,572.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								I play this game alot. Lol
Posted: March 5	1	4	None	10	98.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								absolute round of applause for this game. WOW.i LOVE being shot from fields away with a shotgun whilst wearing a lammy and helmet :) such amazing physics, it makes the game unbelieveably realistic. now i know how powerful shotguns are and how powerless AR's are! ty daybreak, such great developers x
Posted: March 5	3	4	None	10	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								I can't get on because I don't rememeber my password and when I try to reset my password it says i need to contact customer support which I attempt to do but guess what I need to contact customer support my account so I have to log on to my account to be able to log onto my account does anyone see the problem there or is it just me
Posted: March 5	0	4	None	10	10.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 7, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Didn't pay for the game. Still got ripped off
Posted: April 8	0	4	None	81	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8
												Since the game is now free, can I have my money back?
Posted: April 8	2	4	None	81	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												1st releases as 1 single game with h1z1 and battle royale for 1 priceThen h1z1 and battle royale was seperated to 2 different games that you had to buy seperatlyAnd now releases h1z1 and battle royale for freeCan we get a refund or ?
Posted: April 8	0	4	None	81	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's not fun AT ALL, in my opinion, and judging by the massive amount of negative reviews i'm not alone in that opinion. I think it's fun to the select people with brain damage that play it 20 hours a day and somehow have fun with it, which is fine with me if they enjoy it. But it truly is an awful ♥♥♥♥♥♥ made and the most vile excuse for a game ever made with no structure of anykind. It's just a complete mess of every piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥they could throw into a game that some people find amazingly fun. It sucks to the general public though and I wish H1Z1 would give me $5 for every minute i wasted playing that horrible game. So with my refund and $5 for 47 minutes of hell, I think i should get $255.  Out of the 47 minutes I spent in game, probably 1-2 minutes were actually spent playing and getting shot before I could do anything.  The rest was just waiting in lobbies.Can't wait to get my refund and get an actual game worth while that took time to make and is fun to people with an IQ above 45. 
Posted: April 8	0	4	None	81	124.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Servers are garbage
Posted: April 8	0	4	None	81	223.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								FULL OF BUGS IN THIS GAME. I JUMPED OUT MY CAR AND MY WEAPONS TURNED TO SHOTGUN, THEN IT TURN TO TELESCOPE. DAMN GAME  DAMN DAYBREAK
Posted: April 8	1	4	None	81	340.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								anti cheat almost as bad as csgo, on the bright side have fun cheating unpunished
Posted: April 8	1	4	None	81	76.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ take on the battle royale genre...almost as bad as the culling.the game is semi-alive but with the rise of PUBG, i can only see it losing players.buy PUBG
Posted: April 8	0	4	None	81	360.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								this game gave me cancer 10/10
Posted: April 8	1	4	None	81	618.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME DAYBREAK!!!!!
Posted: April 8	0	4	None	81	494.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								优化垃圾的一批 外挂也不整治   一款过气游戏  用不着浪费钱了
Posted: March 27, 2017	1	4	None	226	30.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Devs care more about a t-shirt design than fixing fundamentally flawed and broken things within their game.
Posted: March 27, 2017	2	4	None	226	2,440.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								GAME SUX DONT BUY IT
Posted: March 27, 2017	1	13	None	226	18.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16, 2016
Early Access Review
								As Much as I loved this game since Release I can't recommend this game because they've just dragged out everything for ingame skins/Cosmetics and small bug fixes that take them forever to patch they nerfed the AK-47 which is beyond useless now and It's just overall a Garbage game with a Garbage Community and you shouldn't feed more money to Daybreak.I've played at least 100 Hours of BR to have a decent say in how improvement has come along overtime and they're just not doing anything to improve gameplay instead they're just going for easy money with Ingame Skins and Market Transactions. In my Opinion since the game split they've lost so much Multiplayer Traffic, I do hope they work hard so that maybe one day I can reinstall the game but for now The Culling is overal some fresher content to play so I do recommend that.The Culling Download: http://store.steampowered.com/app/437220/ 
Posted: March 27, 2017	0	13	None	226	63.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Damn invisible Player bug isnt fixed for months. Better fix bugs before adding new Features or new Games.
Posted: March 27, 2017	1	4	None	226	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Worst game ever. It sucks. Don't buy it. Buy Dayz if you want a open survival zombie game. This is garbage. Thx devolphers. Give me back my money!
Posted: March 27, 2017	0	4	None	226	12.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								It really is not worth the money at this point but is still a ton of fun. Its fun and addictive until you start questioning things, then it becomes monotonous, tedius and just plain rage inducing.These 'things' include, but are not limited to, hackers, lack of content, bullets not registering, sniper shotguns and more hackers. Yeah this game really could do without the hackers! Either way it is good fun and I'm having a blast, just don't question things and you'll love it. (IMHO though, it probably isn't worth your money in this current state).
Posted: March 27, 2017	0	4	None	226	15.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								if you want to buy it then just wait untill they finished making the game because if you buy it in 2/11/2016 you will find it boring but if you buy it in 1/2/2017 then it might be good.
Posted: March 27, 2017	0	4	None	226	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24
												i ♥♥♥♥in bought this game now its f2p ♥♥♥♥ u ♥♥♥♥in piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 27, 2017	0	4	None	226	319.7	Recommended	
Posted: September 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you prefer a faster-paced BR game than PUBG that's easy to run and cheaper, then this is a good game to pick up. But if you're content with PUBG then I wouldn't recommend it. I won't say PUBG and H1Z1 are better than each other, I would say they're too different to be compared. Now that PUBG is out the devs are picking up their game but it's too late as PUBG pretty much sweeps over H1Z1. H1Z1 is getting a lot of updates and it's a good game. But as I said if you already own PUBG or about to get it, I wouldn't get this game if I were you. Overall it's a fun game you can mess around in.
Posted: March 27, 2017	6	31	None	226	85.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game is a broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	20.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with even a ♥♥♥♥♥ier dev team. Don't waste your money on it because that is all they want.
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	73.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												do not waste your time at this game full of cheater unplayable
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	78.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game used to be fun, now it's dead, and has progressively become more broken.  Even more broken than battlegrounds is at times I'd say.  They have ruined what was once fine.  I was more a fan of Just Survive, because the old map felt more survival-y.  So if anything, get Just Survive... even then theres better survival games out there.  RIP H1Z1
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	265.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥made by the most incompetent developer team in the world. They legitimately can´t fix ANYTHING in this game without causing something else to break. You wait a month, two for the next patch just to find out that the majority of the issues aren´t addressed, some bugs are months and months and months old. Servers are some of the worst in the industry, de-sync is at least a full second in this game and after most of your deaths you'll be left with legit question marks above your head on how did you just die?!?! Skill gap in this game is very little because of how random it is and inconsistent. You can Two tap one guy and then a minute later witness majority of your bullets do nothing to the next guy and end up dead, get a frame skip where your game legit freezes for a split second or get crazy lag/de-sync where you peak back behind the corner but the guy still gets a shot or two or ♥♥♥♥ing two taps your♥♥♥♥♥even though you got behind cover. Hit registration is just awful and the guns in general are inconsistant, especially shot gun. Sometimes you one shot kill someone full health 10 feet away and the next time you stick your shotgun into the guys mouth, deepthroating him to no effect, not even a gag. Basically, you're rolling a dice in every gun fight. TL:DR. This game is garbage and i hope DayBreak sells it to some big time Publisher that will pass it to a competent dev team to piece it together. Then i hope that the whole staff of DayBreak studios buys themselves tickets to a cruise and hits an iceberg, causing the ship to sink.
Posted: February 21, 2016	1	4	None	22	43.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												RIP MONEY LMAO GIVE ME BACK MY MONEY XD
Posted: February 21, 2016	1	4	None	22	12.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Making the game F2P might be a good step ahead, but give people who have bought ur underdeveloped game and played it even though there were better options some sort of award, we payed money for the game so i see it only makes sense if we get something in return
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	24.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 2
Product received for free
												This is great game. It like it.
Posted: February 21, 2016	1	4	None	22	0.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Good free game xdddd
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	218.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								bugs are the only fun part
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	4	None	22	14.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just buy pubg.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	103	78.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game used to be fun, now it's dead, and has progressively become more broken.  Even more broken than battlegrounds is at times I'd say.  They have ruined what was once fine.  I was more a fan of Just Survive, because the old map felt more survival-y.  So if anything, get Just Survive... even then theres better survival games out there.  RIP H1Z1
Posted: December 16, 2017	4	4	None	103	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												big no, after I've payed for it... now free to play.. thank you!
Posted: December 16, 2017	1	4	None	103	34.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Fix ur log in then focus on your game please
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	103	20.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with even a ♥♥♥♥♥ier dev team. Don't waste your money on it because that is all they want.
Posted: December 16, 2017	6	31	None	103	85.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game is a broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: December 16, 2017	2	4	None	103	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 5
												Daybreak is chasing the heels of EA for the "screw and then abandon our paying customers in a never-ending cash grab and microtransaction-littered gamescape while pumping out crap games with nonexistant support" award.  I bought H1Z1 in early 2015.  Now I cannot even play "Just Survive" (the game I actually paid for before the devs abandoned it to focus on this cash-cow battle royale) because they've pulled the plugs on the servers, and my only consolation is that now this game has been in turn abandoned by it's dwindling playerbase in favor of actual good games like Fortnite and PUBG.  This game ruined "early access" games for me forever, I'll never again spend my hard-earned money on an unfinished product with promises of future content.  Incidentally, I will also never buy, play, pirate, or recommed any product from Daybreak Game Company.
Posted: December 16, 2017	2	13	None	103	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	103	218.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								bugs are the only fun part
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	103	319.7	Recommended	
Posted: September 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you prefer a faster-paced BR game than PUBG that's easy to run and cheaper, then this is a good game to pick up. But if you're content with PUBG then I wouldn't recommend it. I won't say PUBG and H1Z1 are better than each other, I would say they're too different to be compared. Now that PUBG is out the devs are picking up their game but it's too late as PUBG pretty much sweeps over H1Z1. H1Z1 is getting a lot of updates and it's a good game. But as I said if you already own PUBG or about to get it, I wouldn't get this game if I were you. Overall it's a fun game you can mess around in.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	103	24.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 2
Product received for free
												This is great game. It like it.
Posted: March 8	1	4	None	31	0.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Good free game xdddd
Posted: March 8	0	4	None	31	17.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Lame since they made the game free. its like a big F u to all the ppl that coughed up the cash to buy when first come out
Posted: March 8	0	4	None	31	265.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥made by the most incompetent developer team in the world. They legitimately can´t fix ANYTHING in this game without causing something else to break. You wait a month, two for the next patch just to find out that the majority of the issues aren´t addressed, some bugs are months and months and months old. Servers are some of the worst in the industry, de-sync is at least a full second in this game and after most of your deaths you'll be left with legit question marks above your head on how did you just die?!?! Skill gap in this game is very little because of how random it is and inconsistent. You can Two tap one guy and then a minute later witness majority of your bullets do nothing to the next guy and end up dead, get a frame skip where your game legit freezes for a split second or get crazy lag/de-sync where you peak back behind the corner but the guy still gets a shot or two or ♥♥♥♥ing two taps your♥♥♥♥♥even though you got behind cover. Hit registration is just awful and the guns in general are inconsistant, especially shot gun. Sometimes you one shot kill someone full health 10 feet away and the next time you stick your shotgun into the guys mouth, deepthroating him to no effect, not even a gag. Basically, you're rolling a dice in every gun fight. TL:DR. This game is garbage and i hope DayBreak sells it to some big time Publisher that will pass it to a competent dev team to piece it together. Then i hope that the whole staff of DayBreak studios buys themselves tickets to a cruise and hits an iceberg, causing the ship to sink.
Posted: March 8	1	4	None	31	43.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												RIP MONEY LMAO GIVE ME BACK MY MONEY XD
Posted: March 8	1	13	None	31	1,200.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 8	18	13	None	31	555.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Male characters have bigger boobs then female chracters.
Posted: March 8	0	4	None	31	55.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 22
												The game is getting really good again, and I love it.
Posted: March 8	1	4	None	31	12.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Making the game F2P might be a good step ahead, but give people who have bought ur underdeveloped game and played it even though there were better options some sort of award, we payed money for the game so i see it only makes sense if we get something in return
Posted: March 8	0	22	None	31	153.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Dont buy this crap game.
Posted: March 8	0	4	None	31	27.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This game is full of glitches, I was waiting so it's free to play for a week so I can be sure, now I'm.Stay away from this game.
Posted: September 27	0	4	None	62	139.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 27
												garbage♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: September 27	2	4	None	62	7.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 15
												Every update ,this game keeps getting worse and worse
Posted: September 27	38	31	None	62	1,282.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 7
												you idiots at daybreak are actually gonna kill this game. do one thing right 17 things wrong. START BY OPENING A NEW SEASON SO PEOPLE WILL WANT TO PLAY UR WACK♥♥♥♥♥GAME. STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING WACK ARCADE MODES ARE NOT FUN, WE WANT SEASON 1 ♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: September 27	33	417	None	62	17.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								get pubg
Posted: September 27	9	38	None	62	20.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is one ♥♥♥♥ing big bug
Posted: September 27	2	20	None	62	17.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								It's still just too broken. They won't patch anything, but aren't we all glad they have skins...
Posted: September 27	2	20	None	62	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.I bought the game back last year in Early release had no problem with it until the recent split and it gives me the G32 Error and I made a ticked for the past 3 days waiting and they didn't respond.I just recently tried to rebuy the game and now it gives me the same error even though I just bought the game. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
Posted: September 27	0	20	None	62	3.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								worst dev's
Posted: September 27	2	11	None	62	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\.... 
Posted: September 27	4	27	None	62	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Garbage, devs don't care for the game and only add skins rather than fixing bugs that have existed for months.So many better options, don't choose this one.
Posted: April 23, 2017	2	27	None	736	729.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Score: 6.5/10This game is ok to play it with friendsPros:> Nice skins (ez money on opskins)Cons:> Developers are focusing on unimportant things such as skins and/or crates, rather than resolving game breaking bugs.> I believe i can fly ( new season = many cheaters)> Hitbox system (You know what i mean)> Overpowered shotgun> Close combat: In order to win a fight, all you have to do is: jump, run and gunBuy Playerunknown's Battlegrounds
Posted: April 23, 2017	4	27	None	736	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Garbage, devs don't care for the game and only add skins rather than fixing bugs that have existed for months.So many better options, don't choose this one.
Posted: April 23, 2017	1	11	None	736	25.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Even though I like Battle Royale, I'm giving this game a negative review because you can't trust these developers. They split a 20$ game which was originally going to be free to play, into two 20$ games which aren't going to be free to play. They doubled the price basicly, and it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥move from a♥♥♥♥♥♥company.Honestly don't buy, because this kind of behaviour from a developer shouldn't be accepted, and we as a community can show them that.
Posted: April 23, 2017	4	11	None	736	342.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								good
Posted: April 23, 2017	1	11	None	736	3.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
Product received for free
												Apprently even though I never bought the game, I got the appreication pack for it as if I bought it :Dthanks free to play weekend!however, because it's region locked to certain countries, I cannot play with any of my friends outside of the US.
Posted: April 23, 2017	2	27	None	736	87.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								1400 Hours on this game just take it from me stay away from Battle Royal and the Survival and just go buy yourself Miscreated.
Posted: April 23, 2017	7	11	None	736	66.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 2
												Was good until PUBG & Fornite has been released
Posted: April 23, 2017	33	208	None	736	581.8	Recommended	
Posted: September 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								I've deleted my previous review and decided to write a new one!They're liars, money diggers, incompetent, and almost completely unprofessional however they have turned the game into something much better, the graphics are beautiful now and I can hardly notice any hackers around anymore.Here are the things you need to consider before buying this game though:1- You'll need a really good graphics card because the map isn't optimised and the fps will be low as♥♥♥♥♥♥so make sure you have a $100~$150 VGA Card at least (Like a GTX 950 or something and don't expect 60 fps), not because of the gaming experience and that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's just because if you play it on less than 70% render quality and low resolution you won't be able to see the difference between a player and a tree branch and you'll just keep dying without knowing who the f**k is shooting you and from where.2- You need friends to play this game otherwise your teammates will kill you or you'll get bored quick.3- Buy it on sale because it's not worth $20, unless you don't really care and want it bad.4- No matter how far we go, the game will always be glitchy as f**k and with every update they fix a few bugs and add a few more.5- Basically, don't expect that you'll be able to just launch the game and have a lot of fun at any time because no matter how good things are going, they always manage to f**k it up somehow!Buy the game ONLY if you have no problem with the things I've written above, especially #1!
Posted: April 23, 2017	25	338	None	736	126.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								We all miss old h1z1.Don't buy this... Waste of moneyPS: Buy PUBG
Posted: April 23, 2017	0	9	None	736	503.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								No
Posted: May 5, 2017	0	9	None	157	17.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bad mechanics, bad gameplay, bad support, bad optimization, bad everything. But it's fun.
Posted: May 5, 2017	0	9	None	157	15.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								split ruined the game
Posted: May 5, 2017	0	9	None	157	110.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is full of bugs and ground glitches. Highly recommended to avoid buying this game
Posted: May 5, 2017	0	9	None	157	11.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Please work on this game Daybreak and don't be lazy money ♥♥♥♥♥s. Take pride in what you do and dont be ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who are doing this for money grabs.Keep updating the game
Posted: May 5, 2017	2	9	None	157	8.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6
												Remember when they lied to their community and said the full game would be free?Pepperidge Farm remembers
Posted: May 5, 2017	8	16	None	157	9.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME AND DEVELOPER, i bought this game for 30EURO now its becoming free to play ?!?!?! i want my money back, im not rich at all ♥♥♥♥ this people ..... Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥(1) Runs terrible (2) Cheaters everywhere (3) and cost of game to quality 1/10, its becoming free to play ?! GIVE MY MONEY BACK to me ! I bought this game for 30euro, Im form Poland that means in my country it costs about 120euro. Game are buggy, game wont run sometimes, ms is soooo big, a lot of cheaters, in game expensive purchses, and this game become free to play today, that means i lost 30euro .... GIVE MY MONEY BACK
Posted: May 5, 2017	1	23	None	157	13.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								I got both H1Z1 games as I bought it early but it cant excuse the fact that they are trying to make more money by making one game into two games which is a♥♥♥♥♥♥move toward the new players base. The game includeed microtransactions before the game even finished. Who knows what will happen next. They may make King of the kill into 3 games later on, solo br/two players br and  5 man br game. Do not buy this game before this game is completed
Posted: May 5, 2017	19	30	None	157	266.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								CHINA NUMBA 1
Posted: May 5, 2017	7	58	None	157	275.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								are your devs 12 years old? I mean really how do you make such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game? the concept is brilliant but the development is crap.  I have to alt tab out and kill the process half the time just to exit the game.  my mouse cursor dissappears so once again i have to kill the process.  game crashes for no reason.  these are things i would think you would address at the beginning not half way throught development.
Posted: May 5, 2017	26	100	None	157	1,843.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								Discover on twitchRead negative reviews on Steam "HACKERS, GREED, CANCER"Think damn I'm glad I didn't spend money on thisWatch KOTK on twitch...still looks fun...wondering where all the hackers are tho...Come back to steam reviews and eyes bleed from ASCII deficationThink damn I'm glad I didn't spend money on thisWatch KOTK on twitch...still looks fun...so much salt in reviews tho...still wondering where all the hackers are tho...Ask a streamer where all the hackers are, he says out of 2k hours he's run into maybe 12 of themBuy the gameGet top 4 in first game cause I'm lost and no one can find meHave a ♥♥♥♥ing blastGet rekt♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants like I just watched my first surprise scary face pop up video taking a shotgun to the face after listening to creepy foot steps for 5 minutesHave a ♥♥♥♥ing blastRead the guides on improving frame rateHave a ♥♥♥♥ing blastDiscover DrDisrespect on Twitch, die laughing, resurekt and play moreHave a ♥♥♥♥ing blastDiscover 5 man team battle royale gamesRead about getting killed on sight by teammates especially asiansGet first place with a team of asiansGet killed on sight with a team of english dudesWould ignore negative salt reviews on steam again to enjoy this gem.Battle Royal is a gold mine concept that is in its infancy in such grand scale. This game is very close to getting it right.I've never waited more than 3 minutes to get in games of 130-150 players. Here's a chart of concurrent players on an hourly basis peaking at 12pm-2pm (12k players)and lulling at around 3am (3k players) if you're worried about having people to play with.http://steamcharts.com/app/433850 
Posted: June 25, 2016	119	175	None	245	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								-Press "Exit game"-Game crashes-Ctrl+Alt+Delete-Can't use because H1Z1 f*cked up the screen-Restart Pc-Game finally shuts down-10/10
Posted: June 25, 2016	1	14	None	245	18.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								If this game played like the preview i would have payed $60, but this was always supposed to be a completely free game with optional cosmetic microtransactions. The only reason it is still preorder is because they promised free on release. This game could be so much better, like in the trailer, if you could charge a guy with an axe and have a chance against a gun. I think a machete or axe takes less than 20 hits to kill someone. That should be the risk and reward charging a gun. Right now its all open areas dominated by shotguns and rifles (too common). They should make areas as if they are making a map for any other pvp game, or at least take out the endless forests you spend forever running through only to get killed and respawn right back in the middle.Right now the game looks like it could be great but these morons cant seem to stop focusing on making us buy skins. There seems to be no hope for this game at all. 
Posted: June 25, 2016	4	14	None	245	14.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Daybreak, can I have a refund now? LUL.
Posted: June 25, 2016	2	14	None	245	195.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								GG Daybreak 10/10 would uninstall again ruining ur game about die 1/2 games from falling underneath map and if i manage to survive its so laggy u cant have a serious gun fight 10/10/10/10/10 devs
Posted: June 25, 2016	121	81	None	245	114.1	Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								I hid in an upstairs bedroom closet in suburbia and listened as dozens of people around me fought to the death. I waited until the smoke cleared and looted everything off of their corpses. I then ran for 10 minutes without seeing anyone and then I got ran over by an atv. 8/10
Posted: June 25, 2016	3	7	None	245	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								If you're new to the game there is no instructions or tutorial, everyone knows what they are doing and where they are going but no one will help. played 3 games first one i was shot after i emptied shotgun blasts into a prone guy who didnt die the other two i was killed by gas being told to go to safezone when according to my map i was in said safezone.
Posted: June 25, 2016	0	7	None	245	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Way overpriced now. Should be only 4.99. Fun to play, but now for newcomers who have to pay 19.99euro. Fix the price, or the game will be death in a few months.
Posted: June 25, 2016	0	7	None	245	25.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2016
												Bad game, bad company, bad polishment, bad community, bad gameplay, bad driving, bad weapon system, bad inventory system, bad everything...Just don't buy early access games or you will end up with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games like this one.
Posted: June 25, 2016	1	7	None	245	22.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just as one thought that this game couldnt become any worse, they made it even more about the money and micro-transactions. Developers has completely abandoned the gameplay experience and apparently given up on trying to fix the many flaws in the game, and made it all about opening expensive cases and getting rediculous cosmetics.A shame really, the game had potential in the beginning.
Posted: June 25, 2016	0	7	None	245	28.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22
												I paid for this game and now it's free to play, GO TO F******!!
Posted: March 9	1	7	None	40	15.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												I want my money back!!!! Million of people spending money in this ♥♥♥♥ing game and now its ♥♥♥♥ing free? Are you kidding me? It´s a joke or only to ♥♥♥♥ everyone? ♥♥♥♥ing idiots putting the game free and dont give the money back from the old users.... 
Posted: March 9	3	7	None	40	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								If you're new to the game there is no instructions or tutorial, everyone knows what they are doing and where they are going but no one will help. played 3 games first one i was shot after i emptied shotgun blasts into a prone guy who didnt die the other two i was killed by gas being told to go to safezone when according to my map i was in said safezone.
Posted: March 9	3	19	None	40	11.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								bad, and also fat.
Posted: March 9	0	7	None	40	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												Why a game should block a country or a region? fool
Posted: March 9	1	7	None	40	419.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								From a royalty player,The game is great, fast paced, fun, high action but it does have it flaws. We keep getting promised things that then take around 2-3 months before we even see them on test.If you're into battle royals and you're looking for something fast and high action and you can deal with the cons of the game get it.
Posted: March 9	7	7	None	40	11.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24
												░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░I got Ban for no reasonway h1fuc1
Posted: March 9	0	7	None	40	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Seriosuly ♥♥♥♥ this company. Simple as that. I paid for a Zombie survival game and I get left with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ No one I would ever recommend this game or any game from Daybreak.
Posted: March 9	2	7	None	40	38.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just go play PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS.
Posted: March 9	2	7	None	40	101.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Launched out of Early Access ?! Nice try Daybreak XD
Posted: March 9	39	120	None	40	10.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												When a game with 4 years of development has optimization bugsWhen a game with 4 years of development has tons of bugsWhen you die with 1 shot with most weaponsWhen you die through walls, stones, treesWhen you hit 4/5 bullets and done no damageWhen a stupid gas wall runs like a ferrari and kills youeven the map is empty, there's so much places with nothing, only grass and trees, my rig costed 1300 euros, and i have so much lagg with this game.No wonder how this game gone to paid, into free 2 playIs bad, really bad, this game is a mess, only tried it, because it's free, play with friends, but don't expect a good experience.Play Fortnite, much better, good optimization, great recoils, graphics, servers, weapons who actually take time to kill.for those who say fortnite and pubg stole h1z1 ideia, is a lie, minecraft and arma3 had battleroyale, way before H1Z1, and before those two, also steve austin, made a film about surviving in an island against others.they should give to those who bought the game, more than crates, and if u want this game to survive, atleast optimize it, bring more maps, and give us scopes, those weapons make me sick.UPDATE AFTER 3 WEEKS WITHOUT PLAYING IT:if you ram an enemy with your car, it does no damage, and there's no colission.Hackers - shooting through walls.
Posted: August 15, 2017	14	166	None	57	68.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game was the first "Battle Royale" type game I had ever played. Honestly, I can't stand this game, it's so clunky, hit detection is awful, too many shotgun users, terrible render distances. Too much emphasis on crates and skins, feels like the devs only care about microtransactions rather than improving the game.This game almost turned me off completely of Battle Royals type games. I was urged to get PUBG by a bunch of friends, when I finally gave in I was hooked. PUBG is 1000x better than this game. I already have almost twice the amount of time played in PUBG than this game, and I've owned King of The Kill since it and Just Survive were one single game. Pass on this garbage and spend a bit more to get PUBG.Lol @ all the people saying I'm just bad. I guess everyone that hates other♥♥♥♥♥♥games like COD is just bad too? You can be good at a game and think it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ use another excuse to defend your♥♥♥♥♥♥game lmao.More little butthurt fanboys coming at me "OMG you only have 70 hours played" chill out and change your tampons. 70 hours AFTER the game split, played the game a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton before then. Keep crying kiddies...
Posted: August 15, 2017	8	53	None	57	140.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								fix the spawns
Posted: August 15, 2017	1	12	None	57	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is fun if you already have it, but after the microtransactions and both games being $20 each after the game split it isn't worth buying. (Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Daybreak)
Posted: August 15, 2017	1	12	None	57	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Look, honestly this game is fun, but man it's buggy as hell. The best part of this game is playing with friends and when you get into groups of 5, you'll often find that 1 of you crashes upon starting up. This game has been out for a long time and they still haven't fixed it. There are plenty of other bugs too. A lot of the time my game will even crash while starting up.But the real reason I'm writing this review is because they saw that their game became successful and decided to split it into 2 games charging the original $20 for each game totalling $40 now. HELL NO! WTH! You can't just up the price of a game like that! It's been out for at least a year and now you are doubling the price. Are you serious?! This was supposed to be a F2P game upon release and usually the longer games are out the less they cost, but you are one of the few companies to go the other way. Way to trash your companies name for some extra dough, which probably isn't even going to be that much. And the worst part is, your game is still just about as glitchy as when you started.
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	12	None	57	195.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Buy Battlegrounds instead, H1Z1 is dead.                                                                                   -GET A GRIP DAYBREAK
Posted: August 15, 2017	11	97	None	57	45.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								The amount of hate for this game is astronomical, yet warrented.I have a "clan" of about 5-10 guys mostly based in the east coast of the U.S, for the longest time, we would only play two games, CS GO and Civ 5.  As you can imagine, it eventually got stale and was slowly toxifying our relationship due to the nature of CS GO and Civ 5.  I should mention that we are a mostly competitive group, so getting dicked on in Civ or berating each other in CS GO was getting old after 1-2 years.Eventually, two of the people in our group decided to pick up the game, much to my disgust.  I remember when it was supposed to be free, then it became $20, then they split it up into TWO games for $20 each which left me appalled.  I also had a VERY sour taste in my mouth for early access after Cubeworld, DayZ Standalone, and about every other Early Access game that had come out.  Yet my two friends raved and raved about how much fun they were having, to which I would respond "50% rating on steam".  Well, after deranking from LEM in CS GO, I decided that I was done with that game for a while, and I needed something else to take my attention.  I ended up playing a lot of The Division, which was another game chock full of broken promises, but I enjoyed it a lot.  So I eventually got tired of The Division and caved in and bought the game, and man oh man was I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I first launched it.  I crashed out of my first 3 games.  Which is ridiculous considering I have an i5 4440 and a GTX 970.  After 3 hours of troubleshooting I launched it up and went into my first solo game.  I got 9th place, and was hooked.If any of you have ever played minecraft hunger games or even vanilla rust, you know the feeling of adrenaline when you get into an intense fight.  This game delivers, and rewards you time and time again for your aim *not the shitgun though*.  My friends and I were laughing at the bugs *cars doing gymnastic flips* and working together as a team in Fives.  Losing does not feel that bad in this game as you can instantly load into another one without having to worry about any "rank  loss" *cough* CS GO *cough*.  All in all, this game is a bug riddled mess with greedy♥♥♥♥♥developers, but if your looking for a game to just load up and play with friends, then I think this is the game for you.
Posted: August 15, 2017	19	17	None	57	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Re-Enter early access please
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	17	None	57	437.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
												Free to play? Uninstall buttons works.
Posted: August 15, 2017	69	201	None	57	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								1. Launched the game2. Got into endless loading screen3. Relaunched4. Endless loading again5. Had to recreate character in order to get past this endless loading bug 6. Finally joining a server7. Game CRASHED8. Endless loading AGAIN after relaunch9. REFUNDED IMMEDIATELY
Posted: August 15, 2017	274	180	None	57	18.5	Recommended	
Posted: August 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								aimbot works well
Posted: February 4, 2017	19	111	None	161	125.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has so much bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥i dont even know why im still playing or why i gave 20 € for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: February 4, 2017	40	62	None	161	40.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\....says it all, they are out for your money! dont expect content or changes!
Posted: February 4, 2017	11	72	None	161	36.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do Not Buy This Game! This gamemaker is 100% focused on money. After 35 tweets, 10 e-mails and several attempts trying to contact them otherwise, I still got no respond. Not even a read confirmation. I record all my gameplay and uploaded several video`s for daybreaker where it clearly shows a hacker. No response... Now my account has been stolen and they expect me to re-buy the game. Which costs 40$ for both games nowadays. The game is ruled by hackers and no fun at all if I look back at the time I spent on this game. I was always busy trying to capture hackers. Do Not Purchase This Game! It`s endless frustration because of hackers!
Posted: February 4, 2017	2	5	None	161	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game just won't launch.. talked with the support team and they didn't even know how to fix my problem...Can't refuned.. how could i knew the game wont work after 2 hours.. lol 
Posted: February 4, 2017	1	5	None	161	1,133.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This had been my favourite game for well over a year now, its so much fun once you get the hang of it. (New players, check out pineaqles extensive guide to h1z1)The devs are really going in the right direction now and i can see a bright future for this game
Posted: February 4, 2017	0	5	None	161	16.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								0/10no lagsno bugsrealistic af/sarcasm af
Posted: February 4, 2017	1	5	None	161	94.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								C y k a ♥♥♥♥♥ C y k a ♥♥♥♥♥ X1.6 MILLLION thats day 1 Day 2  ♥♥♥♥♥ Mucha get cancer and dieDay 3 glitches and dies on spawnDay 4 Logs in crashes ...Day 122 CYKAAAAAAAAA  BLYAAAAAAAAAAAAAT Russia + Idiotic Ideology = Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing terrible gameBtw its blatant as ♥♥♥♥ when you cheat so going onto ♥♥♥♥ downloading some fresh H1Z1 hacks then trying to hide it from your friends and players in the game DOES NOT WORK !!!!!! You ignorant piece of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥. Btw also using .NET tools to DDOS and hack people is monitored by MICROSOFT YOU ♥♥♥♥ING IDIOTS .NET . ♥♥♥♥ING NEEEEET  OMFG UGHHHHHHH PC CANCER RACE
Posted: February 4, 2017	1	5	None	161	4,436.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 24, 2016
												Oyun hızlı Pubg Gbi slow bi oyun degıl
Posted: February 4, 2017	5	15	None	161	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								5 Gb update : fixed the opening splash art. 0/10 too bad
Posted: February 4, 2017	1	5	None	161	91.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Atm I'm using useless PC, so i can't play this game anymore...I want to buy new pc only for this game, that says alot!Really enjoyed it these 92 hrs I played with my friend.
Posted: November 22, 2017	1	5	None	1,026	1,187.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: November 22, 2017	0	5	None	1,026	560.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								This is a good game its just stupid little bugs that ruin it. Daybreak needs to sell this game to another game developing group, these glitches has been around for much too long and obviously they are never going to fix these issues.
Posted: November 22, 2017	2	5	None	1,026	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game just won't launch.. talked with the support team and they didn't even know how to fix my problem...Can't refuned.. how could i knew the game wont work after 2 hours.. lol 
Posted: November 22, 2017	1	5	None	1,026	1,133.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This had been my favourite game for well over a year now, its so much fun once you get the hang of it. (New players, check out pineaqles extensive guide to h1z1)The devs are really going in the right direction now and i can see a bright future for this game
Posted: November 22, 2017	0	5	None	1,026	16.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								0/10no lagsno bugsrealistic af/sarcasm af
Posted: November 22, 2017	0	5	None	1,026	389.8	Recommended	
Posted: July 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very Good game :3
Posted: November 22, 2017	0	5	None	1,026	222.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 4, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								A very very fun game to play with your friends! It's so fkn intense and♥♥♥♥♥♥..
Posted: November 22, 2017	4	5	None	1,026	11.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								>Installs game>Finds a game>Runs kilometers to get away from the gas>Some guy drives by with a car>Teleports out the car>Snaps onto me and 1taps me>Gets back in and drives away>I uninstall 
Posted: November 22, 2017	0	5	None	1,026	3,042.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												2500 hours and I love this game. I will admit as a new player it is harder to get into. But get some friends and give it a shot and grow and get better. Most rewarding game at high level gameplay
Posted: November 22, 2017	0	5	None	1,026	2,795.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I love this game
Posted: April 24, 2016	1	5	None	65	4,436.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 24, 2016
												Oyun hızlı Pubg Gbi slow bi oyun degıl
Posted: April 24, 2016	7	5	None	65	118.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								I found an AK-47 before i found food, i felt like a child in Congo.10/10 would play again.
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	5	None	65	1,940.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												lmao all those people leaving negative reviews cause they paid 20$ just like I did, who cares man? I enjoyed the game before and now it gained a lot of new players by going free to play, so stfu and stop whining about your 20$ from 2 years ago.
Posted: April 24, 2016	1	5	None	65	91.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Atm I'm using useless PC, so i can't play this game anymore...I want to buy new pc only for this game, that says alot!Really enjoyed it these 92 hrs I played with my friend.
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	5	None	65	1,019.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								games just not fun
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	5	None	65	6.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Paid for the game in early alpha and after a lot of updates, after dividing the game in two separate ones and even after an update of 5.5 gb I can't launch and play it... Tried 5 five times to play it unsuccessfully and decided not to bother anymore. That`s all I had to review.If you want a Oreo Cake recipe read this:For the Cake:3/4 cup (about 3 3/4 ounces) all-purpose flour1/4 cup (about 3/4 ounce) cocoa powder1/2 plus 1/8 teaspoon baking soda1/8 teaspoon salt1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons (about 4 1/3 ounces) granulated sugar1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sour cream1/3 cup vegetable oil1 large egg1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extractFor the Oreo whipped cream:50 Oreo cookies4 1/2 cups heavy cream2 tablespoons granulated sugar1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract1.Make cake: Adjust oven rack to middle position and preheat oven to 350°. Line bottom of a 9-inch cake pan with parchment paper and lightly coat the inside with non-stick pan spray. Sift flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt into large bowl; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk sugar, sour cream, oil, eggs, and vanilla until smooth.2.Whisk wet ingredients into dry ingredients until smooth. Pour batter into pan and bake until cake is just firm and toothpick inserted into center comes out with moist crumbs, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 15 minutes, then remove from pan to completely cool on wire rack, about 1 hour.3.Carefully cut 6 Oreo cookies in half; set aside. Chop remaining cookies into 1/4-inch pieces; set aside.4.To Assemble Cake: make the Oreo whipped cream in 2 batches. In bowl of standing mixer fitted with whip attachment, whip 2 cups cream on medium-high speed to soft peak, spoon into large bowl and refrigerate. In same mixer bowl, whip remaining 2 1/2 cups cream, sugar, and vanilla to soft peak. Fold into already whipped cream.5.Place about 1 cup whipped cream in bowl and refrigerate until ready to decorate cake. Fold chopped Oreos into remaining whipped cream.6.Slice cake in half horizontally to create 2 layers. Place bottom layer on serving plate. Spread about 1/3 of Oreo whipped cream onto cake. Top with second cake layer and use remaining Oreo whipped cream to frost top and sides of cake. Chill in refrigerator for about 2 hours to allow cookies to soften.7.Place reserved whipped cream in pastry bag fitted with star tip (re-whisk if necessary). Pipe 12 whipped cream rosettes around perimeter of cake and garnish with reserved Oreo cookie halves. Serve.
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	5	None	65	149.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great multiplayer game! fun and challenging
Posted: April 24, 2016	1	5	None	65	69.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												One of the worst battle royal games I have ever played. This is like playing in a casino. Russian Roulette style. Shotgun one times dose 1 hit kill the other you can shoot one whole mag into him and he wont die. The guns feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ You are better off cutting your balls off then playing this game.
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	10	None	65	17.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Had over 200 hours in BR before the split. Afterwards the game still has plenty of bugs, bad third person shooting (which they recently made worse), and no new content. All they seem to release is new crates that cost more money.
Posted: April 24, 2016	2	5	None	65	4,010.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2016
Early Access Review
								sick game love it
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	5	None	65	382.5	Recommended	
Posted: May 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								It isn't bad. It isn't good either. Daybreak pls fix bugs.
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	5	None	65	728.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								I used to watch streamers play this game alot, it might be DrDisrepective's fault that i bought this game to give it a try and that was one of the worst decision i have ever made.At first i loved the concept and how the things were happening but just because im dumb, it took me around 500+ to understand that Daybreak wont listen to people and this game will always be buggy and full of hackers n sh*t.Also i noticed there were no servers around my region so that was a big FeelsBadMan for me.Fk this sheet ill buy PUBG .
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	5	None	65	6.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Paid for the game in early alpha and after a lot of updates, after dividing the game in two separate ones and even after an update of 5.5 gb I can't launch and play it... Tried 5 five times to play it unsuccessfully and decided not to bother anymore. That`s all I had to review.If you want a Oreo Cake recipe read this:For the Cake:3/4 cup (about 3 3/4 ounces) all-purpose flour1/4 cup (about 3/4 ounce) cocoa powder1/2 plus 1/8 teaspoon baking soda1/8 teaspoon salt1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons (about 4 1/3 ounces) granulated sugar1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sour cream1/3 cup vegetable oil1 large egg1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extractFor the Oreo whipped cream:50 Oreo cookies4 1/2 cups heavy cream2 tablespoons granulated sugar1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract1.Make cake: Adjust oven rack to middle position and preheat oven to 350°. Line bottom of a 9-inch cake pan with parchment paper and lightly coat the inside with non-stick pan spray. Sift flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt into large bowl; set aside. In medium bowl, whisk sugar, sour cream, oil, eggs, and vanilla until smooth.2.Whisk wet ingredients into dry ingredients until smooth. Pour batter into pan and bake until cake is just firm and toothpick inserted into center comes out with moist crumbs, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cake cool in pan for 15 minutes, then remove from pan to completely cool on wire rack, about 1 hour.3.Carefully cut 6 Oreo cookies in half; set aside. Chop remaining cookies into 1/4-inch pieces; set aside.4.To Assemble Cake: make the Oreo whipped cream in 2 batches. In bowl of standing mixer fitted with whip attachment, whip 2 cups cream on medium-high speed to soft peak, spoon into large bowl and refrigerate. In same mixer bowl, whip remaining 2 1/2 cups cream, sugar, and vanilla to soft peak. Fold into already whipped cream.5.Place about 1 cup whipped cream in bowl and refrigerate until ready to decorate cake. Fold chopped Oreos into remaining whipped cream.6.Slice cake in half horizontally to create 2 layers. Place bottom layer on serving plate. Spread about 1/3 of Oreo whipped cream onto cake. Top with second cake layer and use remaining Oreo whipped cream to frost top and sides of cake. Chill in refrigerator for about 2 hours to allow cookies to soften.7.Place reserved whipped cream in pastry bag fitted with star tip (re-whisk if necessary). Pipe 12 whipped cream rosettes around perimeter of cake and garnish with reserved Oreo cookie halves. Serve.
Posted: May 9, 2016	1	5	None	65	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Give me my money back, I paid for this game when it's on beta and now it's f2p!? Don't give me that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	5	None	65	55.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								este jogo é uma♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	5	None	65	560.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								This is a good game its just stupid little bugs that ruin it. Daybreak needs to sell this game to another game developing group, these glitches has been around for much too long and obviously they are never going to fix these issues.
Posted: May 9, 2016	1	5	None	65	94.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								C y k a ♥♥♥♥♥ C y k a ♥♥♥♥♥ X1.6 MILLLION thats day 1 Day 2  ♥♥♥♥♥ Mucha get cancer and dieDay 3 glitches and dies on spawnDay 4 Logs in crashes ...Day 122 CYKAAAAAAAAA  BLYAAAAAAAAAAAAAT Russia + Idiotic Ideology = Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing terrible gameBtw its blatant as ♥♥♥♥ when you cheat so going onto ♥♥♥♥ downloading some fresh H1Z1 hacks then trying to hide it from your friends and players in the game DOES NOT WORK !!!!!! You ignorant piece of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥. Btw also using .NET tools to DDOS and hack people is monitored by MICROSOFT YOU ♥♥♥♥ING IDIOTS .NET . ♥♥♥♥ING NEEEEET  OMFG UGHHHHHHH PC CANCER RACE
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	5	None	65	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												give my money back Waste of money, MADE IT FTP JUST TO MILK MONEY, WASTED MONEY AND NOW THEY JUST MAKE LOADS OF DLCS TO GET MORE MONEY..................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: May 9, 2016	5	15	None	65	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								5 Gb update : fixed the opening splash art. 0/10 too bad
Posted: May 9, 2016	1	5	None	65	104.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1
												This game is a waste of time. it use to be a great game until they ruined the game them selfs i know i have 104 hours in this game but the shooting is just AWFUL its really inconsistent for new players to learn and for most players (in my opinion). and now that the game is free is not going to bring back the players that BROUGHT the game. And the game is not that optimzed as well. If they give a refund for the players that brought the game since Beta and ect then most players will be happy because they baselly wasted $20 usd on the game that is dead.-BYanni 
Posted: July 1	1	5	None	56	104.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1
												This game is a waste of time. it use to be a great game until they ruined the game them selfs i know i have 104 hours in this game but the shooting is just AWFUL its really inconsistent for new players to learn and for most players (in my opinion). and now that the game is free is not going to bring back the players that BROUGHT the game. And the game is not that optimzed as well. If they give a refund for the players that brought the game since Beta and ect then most players will be happy because they baselly wasted $20 usd on the game that is dead.-BYanni 
Posted: July 1	0	5	None	56	40.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Im sick of losing to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  The one time the game actually decides to let a vehicle kill someone, its me.  And it JUST SO HAPPENS that it works when im top 3, and i just killed the guy out of the vehicle that then killed me, losing me the game and giving someone else a free ♥♥♥♥nig win.  Un ♥♥♥♥ing believable.  This game has been broken since day one, its been alpha for ♥♥♥♥ing years.  Im not even sure the brainded developers even included shooting mechanics, they just ♥♥♥♥ing winged it.
Posted: July 1	1	5	None	56	91.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Atm I'm using useless PC, so i can't play this game anymore...I want to buy new pc only for this game, that says alot!Really enjoyed it these 92 hrs I played with my friend.
Posted: July 1	1	5	None	56	938.8	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								i love the game but i wish if they fix the br 5 and it back like b4 
Posted: July 1	0	5	None	56	29.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								i cannot even play the game it keeps telling methe launchpad is not working and its really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
Posted: July 1	0	5	None	56	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Well congratz, Daybreak literally f*cked the whole game up with this final step : splitting the game. Instead of working on the map or adding new weapons to the game, they release new f*cking skins every week. The keys are overpriced and in my eyes it's a ripoff. What the f*ck are you doing with a survival game? A costume contest? Go to hell Daybreak, I'm done.
Posted: July 1	1	5	None	56	238.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								bad
Posted: July 1	1	5	None	56	35.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								When I first got this game a few months back, I was having a blast. While the game was glitchy and a bit overpriced, I was happy to give support to a game that was trying to get some community help, and would eventually sell a FREE product. A couple of weeks ago, the game slpit into 2 parts, BR and Survival. I personally only played the survival once and I didn't really have that jolly of a time, and I primarily played BR. However, while I now own both parts of the game because I was grandfathered in and recieved both seperate games, I find it absolutely ridiculous and unfair for them to split into 2 games, charging consumers more for games that are buggy, terribly optimized, and in some cases unplayable. I believe that Daybreak has not hired any new developers, so what was the point of splitting the games into 2 if the same exact people are working on the 2 seperate parts? I would be a little bit more understanding if they hired 100 more developers and we got concrete evidence that there will be changes that benefit the performance of the game but so far that is not the case. This game made a HUGE MISTAKE breaking into 2 parts, and unless they recombine the two games, I do not recommend getting either version of the game. Hopefully Daybreak will learn their lesson and stop being greedy idiots who make a money grabbing game.
Posted: July 1	0	5	None	56	430.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								How to play:1.Parachute down with 30 other players in the same place as you2.Find a caravan with a pistol in and no ammo3.Find a car with no keys 4.Hotwire it5.Get killed when driving offThe end well done you place 106th
Posted: July 1	0	5	None	56	29.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								literally runs like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this was way better when it was only one game not split into two it gets old really fast
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	5	None	63	35.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								When I first got this game a few months back, I was having a blast. While the game was glitchy and a bit overpriced, I was happy to give support to a game that was trying to get some community help, and would eventually sell a FREE product. A couple of weeks ago, the game slpit into 2 parts, BR and Survival. I personally only played the survival once and I didn't really have that jolly of a time, and I primarily played BR. However, while I now own both parts of the game because I was grandfathered in and recieved both seperate games, I find it absolutely ridiculous and unfair for them to split into 2 games, charging consumers more for games that are buggy, terribly optimized, and in some cases unplayable. I believe that Daybreak has not hired any new developers, so what was the point of splitting the games into 2 if the same exact people are working on the 2 seperate parts? I would be a little bit more understanding if they hired 100 more developers and we got concrete evidence that there will be changes that benefit the performance of the game but so far that is not the case. This game made a HUGE MISTAKE breaking into 2 parts, and unless they recombine the two games, I do not recommend getting either version of the game. Hopefully Daybreak will learn their lesson and stop being greedy idiots who make a money grabbing game.
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	63	430.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								How to play:1.Parachute down with 30 other players in the same place as you2.Find a caravan with a pistol in and no ammo3.Find a car with no keys 4.Hotwire it5.Get killed when driving offThe end well done you place 106th
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	63	29.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								literally runs like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥this was way better when it was only one game not split into two it gets old really fast
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	5	None	63	15.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								a ♥♥♥♥ing joke of a game that will mostly annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you random death and pointless fights as the shooting mechanics are just annoying dont waste you money on this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	20	None	63	10.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its been out for a year now and theres still no new weapons or content in the game. You either find an AR15, Shotgun, AK47 a pistol, helmet, body armour, bow, moltov, grenade, flash, or one of 3 pistols. Thats literally the spawn options. In ARMA 3 you get all of the A3 weapons (50+) and more with mods, even in rust you get more of an option and the games not even supposed to support battle royal.I understood this when H1Z1: just survive and king of the kill were one game as the zombies and the survival were the main priority as thats what the game was but now they have made it into a standalone I expect to see much more, so far the only thing ive noticed is the hit markers and bug fixes.
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	63	10.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												This game died for a reason...please, dont spend money on it.UPDATE: Once the game went free it was like a big slap in the face to the consumer who actually paid good money for the game. 
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	63	112.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								匹配性质对新手太不友好了！新手遇见了皇家就只有死，很影响体验！每局游戏的人有点多！其它还比较好！还有就是车不停下车居然不掉血！让这个游戏对车的依赖性太大了！有车就厉害！到你面前只见车！人在中途跳了车都不知道！总之就是最好按段位匹配！就像英雄联盟那样！
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	63	402.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Don't buy this awful game
Posted: February 27, 2016	3	10	None	63	18.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												The stuff they gave to players that actually bought the game doesnt even come close to recompensating for spending my money on this. Smfh cannot believe they had the audacity to make this free to play....
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	63	50.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Never buy a single game from this garbage Developer Studio!
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	20	None	152	10.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its been out for a year now and theres still no new weapons or content in the game. You either find an AR15, Shotgun, AK47 a pistol, helmet, body armour, bow, moltov, grenade, flash, or one of 3 pistols. Thats literally the spawn options. In ARMA 3 you get all of the A3 weapons (50+) and more with mods, even in rust you get more of an option and the games not even supposed to support battle royal.I understood this when H1Z1: just survive and king of the kill were one game as the zombies and the survival were the main priority as thats what the game was but now they have made it into a standalone I expect to see much more, so far the only thing ive noticed is the hit markers and bug fixes.
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	132.8	Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								really fun with friends 
Posted: April 22, 2016	38	145	None	152	193.8	Recommended	
Posted: January 10, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								King of the Kill is like drugs, you're told that drugs are bad and you know they're bad but you do them anyway. H1Z1 is exactly that, a bad game that is so satisfying and fun at the same time it just keeps bringing you back in for more. If they stop making crates and focus on the games many bugs and glitches. This game has the potential to be one of the best PvP oriented "Hunger Games" style games out there. But with many companys money hungry for any profit they can get. Daybreak has not focused on improving the game but somehow making the game worse with each little patch. Overall Score: 7.5/10Pros: Good Pvp, fun with friends, satisfying gameplay Cons: Lots of bugs and glitches, terrible car mechanics, stupid chinese people, money hungry company, stupid skins and cases.
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	129.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								I've never played the survival mode and rougly 300hrs BR.Dont buy until these DEVS sort it out.The game is interesting and has alot of potential. Its a copy but still unique in its own ways, there are very few games out there wich deliver a battle royale mode like this. But still - besides the split and dodgy devs - the game itself is riddled with bugs, wich is tolerable for an alpha. But the only thing changing are new skins for more money they dont deserve.IF they want BR to be acknowledged as a competitve game they have ALOT work to do. But honestly their priority is profit. Dont get me wrong i had some real fun with this game (if it works) but still - something's rotten in here.
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	28.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is garbage everytime i try to run it it says i am not loged in to the first acc i loged in to but i am i have not made 2 accounts i would not recomed buy any other game besides a daybreak game it is full of bugs glitchs And daybreak. makes the worst games on steam... soryy but its true
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	51.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game is good but is a bs the way they make things, all they want is your money, they have split an alpha game in TWO!!!!! thats right. one game that is not even complete they made it TWO games not complete... server is laggy, you gotta wait 5 min to enter the game.... dont buy it!!! like i said the game is good but the developers dont deserve your money!!!!!
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	12.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								so i joined my friends lobby for 2 team br and then i was partnered up with another one (no meme intended). that another one killed me in cold blood
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	52.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								21.2.2016-lag-fps issues-everything still ♥♥♥♥ed up-20€ 
Posted: April 22, 2016	0	5	None	152	116.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								The BR part of this game was just fine before the split. havent played the survival part since launch but they have kind of messed up the BR part after the split, long que times and less wep spawns.Not even gonna talk about the game being the same price even though its half the game.Shame daybreak, shame.
Posted: April 22, 2016	1	5	None	152	108.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								I like this game! Running simulator 2015!
Posted: March 8	0	5	None	89	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												...
Posted: March 8	0	5	None	89	137.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4
Early Access Review
								Dead game. Bugs are rampant, devs don't care about the community, and the new update only affected UI, which is still lacking. Just get PUBG.
Posted: March 8	1	5	None	89	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												gay♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: March 8	1	5	None	89	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1
												I tried playing this with a friend tonight and gee, I mean this game is absolutely dead.  I spent most of the game running, and found no players during that time.  Finally died to a player named "Thisgameissodead" if that tells you anything.Also are lobby had 10/100 players when it started.  Do not waste your time installing or downloading this, just play literally any other battle royal.
Posted: March 8	2	5	None	89	83.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is a great game if you already hate your life.
Posted: March 8	0	5	None	89	41.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												actual trash game
Posted: March 8	0	5	None	89	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												what the ♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 8	8	10	None	89	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄h1z1 ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: March 8	0	5	None	89	108.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bad game.
Posted: March 8	0	5	None	89	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Worst game i've played
Posted: February 27, 2016	8	10	None	36	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄h1z1 ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	5	None	36	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1
												I tried playing this with a friend tonight and gee, I mean this game is absolutely dead.  I spent most of the game running, and found no players during that time.  Finally died to a player named "Thisgameissodead" if that tells you anything.Also are lobby had 10/100 players when it started.  Do not waste your time installing or downloading this, just play literally any other battle royal.
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	36	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Worst game i've played
Posted: February 27, 2016	2	5	None	36	83.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is a great game if you already hate your life.
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	5	None	36	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												gay♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	5	None	36	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								people WILLINGLY play this garbage
Posted: February 27, 2016	1	20	None	36	15.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								I was really really sad when i played the new splitted game, you shuold be shamed. The gameplay was smoother in the combined version, in this one you can't eaven shoot in third person mode.
Posted: February 27, 2016	0	20	None	36	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								In the current state, do not buy this game. It's broken. No guns spawn, people fall through the map.
Posted: February 27, 2016	4	50	None	36	114.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Take 1 $20 game. Split it into 2 $20 games. Microtransactions for both. Just like PS2, Landmark and EQ:Next this game will remain in the state it is with promises of more features and delivering on a few to keep you hungry for more. This is a company that really needs to go out of business.
Posted: February 27, 2016	2	50	None	36	234.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								Literally no support for this game - purchased the game and can't even login to it and havn't heard from their support team for weeks.  Do not buy.
Posted: March 21	2	5	None	69	5.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 21
												Refund me
Posted: March 21	0	5	None	69	571.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 2
												You know after countless hours put into this game the developers completley ruined this game. It was a fun game where me and my friends you used to have a good time playing the game, but after the combat update or somewhere around that time the developers ruined it trying to make it like pubg and destroying the game it used to be. The best times i could remember are around preseason 3. Those where the days where we would just grind and have fun. At this point the developers dont even listen to people and dont change anything so it's basically a lost cause at this point. I finally decided to put in a review because it seems like everyone else is and the problems needed to be addressed even tho multiple people have addressed these problems but DayBreak Games has done nothing but continually put out horrible updates and ruin the game. They changed Movement,Gun Sounds (Which gun sounds can be an okay change but DayBreak did it horribley) they also changed aiming mechanics and basically everything their was about the game. The main this i noticed is they got rid of E-nassing or however its spelled which some people would say this is good but i thought it was a fun part of the game because you would be able to dodge bullets and if u had no cover around at least have a slim chance. Another thing i realized they changed was it wasnt a random spawn anymore you would now choose your location which is so stupid. At this point the only players playing this game are Royalyt's and higher ranks because theirs no point, the only people that are play are New Players and Day 1 players. Mostly everyone has given up on this game which includes me. I dont really have much else to say but now that it's free to play if u wanna try out the game go ahead but for us people who have been playing since preseason 2 the game has a completley different feel.
Posted: March 21	1	5	None	69	509.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Would definitely recommend to friends.
Posted: March 21	2	10	None	69	19.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7
												Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥was 1 of the best br's, but now its more dead than the opp i smoked last night. shoutout to the stupid fucn devs 4 fucn  this♥♥♥♥♥♥up, u ♥♥♥♥♥s are straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, jace hall save this♥♥♥♥♥♥ an artist respects the silence that serves as the foundation of creativity.
Posted: March 21	5	20	None	69	18.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8
												I want my money back!
Posted: March 21	34	183	None	69	17.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								No content, hundred of skins:- walking simulator;- I have more fingers at one hand than weapons are in this game;- something like 2-3 cars (only 2 types of cars)  for 170 people..... good luck;- Training mode sucks.....you can't find any item to practice, until you walk for 1 hour to a house at the edge of the map (then another 1 hour until you find a player to practice your weapon on)Pros:- There is an emote where you can show 2 middle fingers at the same timeCons:- everythingConclusion:- Buy PlayerUnknown's Battleground;
Posted: March 21	22	53	None	69	180.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								China numba won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Posted: March 21	3	23	None	69	14.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just don't
Posted: March 21	7	18	None	69	92.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 30, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								my computer made by jesus christ himself but dis♥♥♥♥♥♥is still laggingyou guys severely wrong about minimum requirements
Posted: March 21	1	36	None	69	40.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								after the split the game is now♥♥♥♥♥♥it laggs too mutch and crashes
Posted: June 4, 2017	118	136	None	12	11.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Playing King of the Kill is like driving a bus over millions of people, but you figure out that the bus you are driving is missing a couple of chromosomes and so are the people you are running over. In the end it is a fun game.
Posted: June 4, 2017	0	13	None	12	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								I can't even launch the game."LaunchPad was unable to connect. Please check the network connection or try again later."Brilliant!
Posted: June 4, 2017	0	13	None	12	126.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Bad game, lazy devs and now they're just trying to milk it out by releasing it. I recommend PUBG, not this game.
Posted: June 4, 2017	667	463	None	12	741.9	Recommended	
Posted: April 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Personally I do enjoy this game and while this game certainly does have its ups and downs, I am not here to praise or criticize this game.  I am here to offer a phenomenal 4 Cheese Ravioli recipe!Here are the ingredients you will need!Ravioli Dough: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoons water.Ravioli Filling: 1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese, 1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup provolone cheese, shredded, 1 egg, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried parsley.Pesto-Alfredo Cream Sauce: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons prepared basil pesto sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce.1. Mound the flour and salt together on a work surface and form a well. Beat the teaspoon of olive oil, 2 eggs, and water in a bowl. Pour half the egg mixture into the well. Begin mixing the egg with the flour with one hand; use your other hand to keep the flour mound steady. Add the remaining egg mixture and knead to form a dough.2. Knead the dough until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes; add more flour if the dough is too sticky. Form the dough into a ball and wrap tightly with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.3. While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling. Combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, egg, and parsley and mix well. Set the filling aside.4. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic and pesto sauce and cook for one minute. Pour in the heavy cream, raise the heat to high, and bring the sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the Parmesan cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.5. Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, warm the marinara sauce over medium-low heat.6. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat the egg with the tablespoon of water to make the egg wash.7. Roll out the pasta dough into thin sheets no thicker than a nickel. To assemble the ravioli, brush the egg wash over a sheet of pasta. Drop the filling mixture on the dough by teaspoonfuls about one inch apart. Cover the filling with the top sheet of pasta, pressing out the air from around each portion of filling. Press firmly around the filling to seal. Cut into individual ravioli with a knife or pizza cutter. Seal the edges.8. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the ravioli, and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 8 minutes. Drain well.9. Grease a baking sheet. Place the cooked ravioli on the sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven until brown, about 4 minutes.10. To serve the ravioli, divide them among four warmed serving bowls. Drizzle the marinara sauce over the ravioli and then top with the cream sauce.
Posted: June 4, 2017	0	8	None	12	34.8	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good game!
Posted: June 4, 2017	0	8	None	12	1,702.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								absolute garbage
Posted: June 4, 2017	1	8	None	12	25.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1
												pay for it to become free....
Posted: June 4, 2017	0	8	None	12	47.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								My friend gifted me this game, they haven't added any guns to balance out the ak-47, which they nerfed into making it useless against shotguns and close quarters combat in general, instead of just adding smg's to the game to balance out the weapon. Long ago they announced that after beta the game will be free, and now they cut the game into 2 games in order to milk this planetside 2 engine, don't get your hopes up with this, the bullet detection and the non-existent anti-cheat makes this game unplayable if you don't have someone to play with, and this game gets boring really fast, wait in lobby, people saying china number 1, spawn with parachute, land, get killed by someone who already has everything they could ever need, repeat 
Posted: June 4, 2017	1	8	None	12	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								the constant crashes are pretty cool
Posted: June 4, 2017	8	21	None	12	16.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Finished game? Lol
Posted: March 20	5	21	None	150	32.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												This game is a disaster There is no real spray pattern so for a player like me that comes from games like cs its very confusingThere are many bugs/gliches that sometimes ruin your game like: your mouse blocks and you cannot move your vision or schootI dont think the developers care about this game and the community is dead tooIf you want a battleroyal expirence you are much better of playing Fortnite (its free to) or pubg (if you are willing to pay)
Posted: March 20	2	8	None	150	1,919.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Trash Game Waste Of 20 bucks trust me i have 1.7k hours
Posted: March 20	0	8	None	150	70.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
TOTALLY AN UNPOLISHED GAME!This game is really so outdated that it becomes obvious to buy PUBG!I have been playing this game for a long time now and from the starting I was hating the graphics & gameplay. The game is not how its shown in pics of the store page. The game's graphics are dull and the whole map seems boring and unfinished. It lacs in fulfilling the promises.  No variety in Weapons. Bad servers.THIS IS NOT THE EARLY ACCESS GAME TO HAVE FAITH ON! Year passed but no major improvements in the graphics and gameplay, just silly small updates & skin crates!In a market of competition how can the developers be so lazy to keep the pace of development so slow!If you want to experience Battle Royale for cheap price this might be the game you can try but I still dont recommend this game as there are more Games in competitionAnd if you are really willing to buy this game I would totally recommend you to buy when its totally polished, revamped and out of early access but for now I dont recommend this game to anyone!TRUST ME THIS GAME DOESN'T WORTH YOU HARD EARNED MONEY! 
Posted: March 20	1	8	None	150	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								game is♥♥♥♥♥don't buy it
Posted: March 20	4	8	None	150	4,338.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 10
Early Access Review
								good
Posted: March 20	15	8	None	150	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4
												don't waste your time..
Posted: March 20	3	8	None	150	0.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Player unknown is better not much else to say
Posted: March 20	47	68	None	150	3.1	Recommended	
Posted: February 12
Early Access Review
								===[ ❤ Audience: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☐ Casual players☑ Pro players☑ Tryhard players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☐ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]===☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☑ Minimum☑ Medium☑ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☑ Hard (first few hours)☑ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☑ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]===☑ Game itself is one big BUG☑ Bugs destroying the game☑ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]===Multiplayer: YESSingleplayer: NO
Posted: March 20	16	118	None	150	22.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								It's still a decent game, But there is SOO much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t regarding this game and especially the games developers. Classic example of game devs ♥♥♥♥ing over the community. Also the community is extremely cancer and there are a lot of fanboys. For 20 euros this is not even close to worth it.
Posted: March 20	10	16	None	150	114.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀▄ H1Z1 KotK   ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: April 21, 2016	3	16	None	267	76.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								hahahahahaha............... have 2 games for this price ............ the game is broker like one american kid play video games
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	16	None	267	60.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Not enough content.
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	16	None	267	21.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Hackers ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	37	None	267	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 15, 2016
Early Access Review
								Cool idea but poorly executed.
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	16	None	267	31.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								GAME SPLIT? MORE LIKE GAME BREAK!
Posted: April 21, 2016	15	74	None	267	99.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game sucks lol
Posted: April 21, 2016	7	24	None	267	77.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 7, 2016
Early Access Review
								If you hate yourself, buy this game.
Posted: April 21, 2016	5	24	None	267	74.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								got it for free but still sucks :)
Posted: April 21, 2016	8	96	None	267	25.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								(My playtime is very low as its the first time playing since the H1Z1 game split)I really don't know where to start.. I tried to play for just over an hour, about 15 minutes was actual game play. The game constantly gets stuck on loading screens (entering the game or loading the lobby) and only took me back to menu once after a game, the rest of the time it crashed.Graphically the newer map does look better but its still nothing amazing and the sounds are mediocre at best.As for the gameplay, its exactly how I remember it being before the split; Awful. I drove my car at full speed right through a player and he got away without a scratch... Then later on while being chased full speed by a police car, the passenger jumps out (still at full speed) and instantly 1 shot kills me while I'm still driving.If you want a very arcadey/broken game, buy this. But be warned, you'll want to smash something out of frustration!Save your money for when PlayerUnknowns BattleGrounds comes out, that game is legit!
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	3	None	267	405.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								only way to save this game is to revert the game back to how it was in preseason 3
Posted: March 1	1	3	None	101	13.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												skidaadle skidoodles dont buy this game,buy noodles
Posted: March 1	1	3	None	101	34.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Nice game!
Posted: March 1	0	3	None	101	0.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
OVERALL RATING: 8/10In-game Time: 275+ Hours [35+ hours shown on "Just Survive" before the game-split 2016]Played Since: December 2015PLEASE NOTE: The account that this review is posted from has zero in-game time. However, I have 170+ hours on H1Z1 on my main account. Check out my main account here:XENOCIDEINTRODUCTION: H1Z1 is a highly thrilling open world shooter that will grip you for hours upon hours with intense and tactical gameplay. Drop into Solos, Duos, or Fives - in the classic Battle Royale style to fight for your place, until you are the only one that remains. Alternatively, hop into a car in a team of four in Auto Royale - facing other teams of four in a demolition derby style Battle Royale.POSITIVES: - Great use of multiplayer using huge servers taking advantage of the mass of land with the usual Solo game having 150 individual players, Duos 150 (75 pairs), Fives 150 (30 teams), and Auto Royale 100 teams (25 teams).- Great fun alone as well as the option of two-player duos, or five-player teams - allowing the use of lone combat or collaborating with friends (or searching for random teammates) utilising tactics, communication, and skill to be the last team left.- The new game mode addition, Auto Royale! A never seen before Battle Royale concept that encompasses a demolition derby style with teams of four fighting it out with the use of perks and weaponry to be the last vehicle standing.- Really nice skin system, loads available, all at good prices - lets you spice your character, weapons, and vehicles up a bit so you don't all look bland and alike.- No "Pay to Win" element to the game. All purchasable products are simply cosmetic, which allows you to have fun but doesn't give an unfair advantage to those who have access to Daddy's Credit Card ;)NEGATIVES: - Quite a few bugs are needed to be fixed regularly, which often seem to take much time to correct; although the development team are sharpening up with patches.- The userbase is nowhere near the 150,000 it used to be - recently dipping down to a mere 10,000 gamers; meaning games may take a minute or so to begin. However, since going Free to Play numbers are rising and queue times seem to be improving.SUMMARY: I believe, as well as many others, that the games basis and concept is amazing, but the current developers and design is what lets it down slightly; it seems to just have something missing and needs focused development to get it stable and then further expand. However it truly is a worthwhile game to play (especially as it is has gone Free to Play - if you don't like it you can simply uninstall it and not worry you have wasted your hard earned money), just be aware of its current minor flaws and needed tweaks. The game is on the up with development however, with combat, vehicles, movement, and a new game mode making it an attractive purchase to make - especially as it's now free.
Posted: March 1	0	3	None	101	4.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												Closest you can get to PUBG for FREE! as this game is now free to play
Posted: March 1	0	3	None	101	1,315.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 14
Early Access Review
								Dead game, No players on servers Game updates destory the game change things that players dont want devs are trash game was good at one point then they updated the game into the ground this game is not going to come back it will remian dead noone can help this game waste of your life play pubg insted
Posted: March 1	4	3	None	101	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								When your mom won't give you that extra ten bucks for PUBG
Posted: March 1	1	3	None	101	25.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
												This is a fun game, but i cant recommend it because the devs put more effort into money whoring skins then they do making the game playable. Then they release a giant update making the game completly different before they even bothered to fix the game in the first place. If you're reading this day break (which you arent because you're too busy jerking off to the amount of microtransaction cash you're raking in when your player base is getting frustrated) then you need to fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game. STOP RELEASING SKINS AND FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!Update: I payed somewhere around 20$ and now its free?  ♥♥♥♥ YOU !
Posted: March 1	2	3	None	101	6.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												Absolute rubbish. PUBG is the world ♥♥♥♥♥estt game but this one just put the cherry on top
Posted: March 1	0	3	None	101	7.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 10
												idk why i play this game
Posted: March 1	0	3	None	101	188.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								teriible game more bad things than good things
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	80.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								The idea of the game is quite good, and the general gameplay very fun, but it is insanely broken.- Are you and your mate playing duos and one of you die? Well the only thing that person can do is stare at where their killer was when they killed them, and nothing else. You can quit the match, but guess what? You won't get♥♥♥♥♥♥from playing then! It's the same in solos, if you die, you have to wait until the game is over, possibly for an hour, doing ♥♥♥♥all before you get anything from playing.- I've played it for 11 hours, and I haven't gotten a single piece of currency at all.- The aiming is wonky as absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- The inventory system is confusing- Wanna customize your character? The game says "F*ck off, unless you pay us a ♥♥♥♥ton to MAYBE get what you want ;)"- The game would be great if you could have benefits from working with random people, kinda like in DayZ.Overall generally a good game, unpolished as sh*t. Definately NOT Worth 20$
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	8.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG one love <3
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	853.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game can be quite good but the lack of consistancy with guns make it so♥♥♥♥♥♥get 5 hitmarkers and get one banged cause thats fair?
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	1,209.8	Recommended	
Posted: August 27, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								meh
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	994.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												very good gfame go buy kids or i mean go downmlaodnm klidsz u mnppb ime global royal yiu nobs dimanond #firtbtibe+ 4 kidz
Posted: February 25, 2017	1	3	None	166	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								it sucks
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	192.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								I would recommend this game, it is very fun to play with friend and even solo is fun. Your game always end diffrently and thats the fun part, you never know what will happend. Thanks for reading ^^
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	75.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												Was once an amazing game along with what is now Just Survive. Both are now husks of what they use to be. dont waste your time. Play PUBG or Fortnite, both great games.
Posted: February 25, 2017	2	3	None	166	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												The most garbage battle royale experience of my lifetime. Not even worth $0.00.
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	3	None	166	4.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												This game is free now. Did I get something from that? No??Well, I just want to give a bad review btw. FUCC YOU GUYS!!!
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	374.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 16
												BRING BACK OUR GAME.
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	370.3	Recommended	
Posted: June 9, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								80% lower prices80%+ Cheater This game actually fun I didn't hate this game or anything I just want it to choke multiple times and then Dies I will be very happy
Posted: May 16	1	3	None	68	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								it sucks
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	994.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												very good gfame go buy kids or i mean go downmlaodnm klidsz u mnppb ime global royal yiu nobs dimanond #firtbtibe+ 4 kidz
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	27.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crash after crash after crash
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												"Ooooh! This game looks cool!"Buys for 20 euros.*Next day*H1Z1 is now F2P!"..."
Posted: May 16	1	3	None	68	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								huina igra . ppc prost . -3/10
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	251.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 has always been developed under the principle of creating a game side-by-side with our players, and we’ve used Early Access as an opportunity to grow our relationship with our community. We will continue to use player feedback to plot the course for King of the Kill and to make it as good as we all know it can be.
Posted: May 16	5	3	None	68	219.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1 is like a really hot girl that you knew in highschool but when you see her a couple years later and she's hella fat, all you can think is how much she let herself go with all those updates that changed and improved absolutely nothing. It's a sad day for H1 history.
Posted: May 16	0	3	None	68	149.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												If you really enjoy Battle Royale Games you should for sure over 9000% try this game out, I've downloaded it yesterday and after that i played it for 19 hours straight with my best friends. It's just so fun you can't imagine so you have to try it out to know ;) My first time was obviously really bad in this game but after the first like 10 hours i got ranked into Gold IV and after that I went up to Plat III so its really not that hard to get better at the game slowly if you're not completely braindead. I'm still struggling to aim with both the AR-15 and AK-47 but that's exactly why I'm gonna tryhard this game to get good even with those weapons. This game in general is just so much fun not only Duo but also Solo, Fives aren't that great but you gotta get used to it and it'll be fine, especially since Fives are a lot harder than Duos since there are such high rank people, like Royalties for example that just 2 tap you xD Overall I think this game is really good and don't know why it'd ever die or anythingGreat Game!~ ^^
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	111.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 8
												I used to love H1Z1, but in the current state of the game I cannot recommend it, even with the free to play change. The playerbase on the PC is dead and rightfully so, the developers have killed the game and have shown no love to the PC version whatsoever, pre season 3 was perfect and the playerbase was booming, I feel that if the developers brought back PS3, the game might have a chance of surviving, but in the current state, this game is a no
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	72.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								trash, absolute trash
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	3.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								. 
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	1,905.3	Recommended	
Posted: May 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun game. Very addicting.
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	86.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								it is good 
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	202.8	Recommended	
Posted: May 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								At this point buggs keep showing up but as far as gameplay goes it is quite catchy game where you can have lots of fun. You can even learn French while playing in European servers, here is an example: oui, oui.. baguette, baguette..  croissant, croissant.
Posted: June 8	3	3	None	94	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												I´d rather play Minecraft Survival Games than this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 8	0	3	None	94	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												no
Posted: June 8	1	3	None	94	25.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
												This is a fun game, but i cant recommend it because the devs put more effort into money whoring skins then they do making the game playable. Then they release a giant update making the game completly different before they even bothered to fix the game in the first place. If you're reading this day break (which you arent because you're too busy jerking off to the amount of microtransaction cash you're raking in when your player base is getting frustrated) then you need to fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game. STOP RELEASING SKINS AND FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!Update: I payed somewhere around 20$ and now its free?  ♥♥♥♥ YOU !
Posted: June 8	1	3	None	94	7.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												i want my money back i bought this game 20 euros and i got my balls
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	96.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29
												I am writing this review due to the fact that they made it so you are unable to write a review on Just Survive.  Both of these games are a hot dumpster fire.  They made promises and did not keep them.  It is ridiculous that they can shut down a game that never was released and no one gets their money back.  This company is a scam and should refund the hard earned money spent by people on this game and Just Survive.  Companies should look at this game along with the trash heaps released by Cliff Blezinski if they want to know how to either steal money from people or what not to do.  No wonder games like fortnite and pubg smacked you in the mouth.
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	342.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's just a complete embarrassment. Really pathetic development, I honestly can not understand how it is even possible to make a game this inconsistent.More and more bugs just keep arriving after every update, good job on the idiot skins though guys. Bringing in more and more sh*t heads to your game with the over the top retard skins.cancer
Posted: August 29	5	3	None	82	219.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1 is like a really hot girl that you knew in highschool but when you see her a couple years later and she's hella fat, all you can think is how much she let herself go with all those updates that changed and improved absolutely nothing. It's a sad day for H1 history.
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	2.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												not bad game specialy when they added auto royale i liked it moreand now its Free good luck on gettong more players devs :D
Posted: August 29	1	3	None	82	1,111.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I mean for a free to play game, I'd definitely recommend giving it a try. It's a little frustrating, but a decent game.
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												need servers in Dubai/South Asia
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	20.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game f*cking sucks.So sluggish, unresponsive, luck matters more than aim, shotguns are nearly useless after a range of 2 meters, "25" bullets to the body to kill, stack meds to have cod-tier health regen, etc
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	19.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 15
												1. Bought Game before it was F2P ($20)2. Game goes F2P3. Daybreak refunds me by giving me 10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ common crates, 10000 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ freemium skulls, and a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins4. Opened the 10 common crates5. Got about $.30 in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skinsThanks for taking my money
Posted: August 29	0	3	None	82	149.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												If you really enjoy Battle Royale Games you should for sure over 9000% try this game out, I've downloaded it yesterday and after that i played it for 19 hours straight with my best friends. It's just so fun you can't imagine so you have to try it out to know ;) My first time was obviously really bad in this game but after the first like 10 hours i got ranked into Gold IV and after that I went up to Plat III so its really not that hard to get better at the game slowly if you're not completely braindead. I'm still struggling to aim with both the AR-15 and AK-47 but that's exactly why I'm gonna tryhard this game to get good even with those weapons. This game in general is just so much fun not only Duo but also Solo, Fives aren't that great but you gotta get used to it and it'll be fine, especially since Fives are a lot harder than Duos since there are such high rank people, like Royalties for example that just 2 tap you xD Overall I think this game is really good and don't know why it'd ever die or anythingGreat Game!~ ^^
Posted: August 29	1	3	None	82	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is one of the worst games i have ever played, its a piece of buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥that works about 10 % of the time, would not want my worst enemies to play this video game
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	56.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
Early Access Review
								2018 and it's still in early access..?  I don't even play or like Fortnite that much but that games been out in Battle Royale mode for way less time and it's so much better imho.  H1Z1 is still fun some times but I uninstall it all the time since I just have PUBG or Fortnite instead depending on my mood.P.S. Why are they charging $5 per hoodie..  Good God.
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												terrible
Posted: January 31	2	3	None	681	2,103.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24
												no. like if you tryna torture yourself, theres a lot of better ways to do so
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	33.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								What the f*ck is wrong with these devs? They split an unfinished game into two just for more money. Seriously, I crash more frequently now, than before the game split even occurred. Fix your game before you try to make more money of it.
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	511.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Don't waste your money on this game. They're updating this game into the ground.♥♥♥♥♥♥game, no wonder it's dying.
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	4.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Have 1♥♥♥♥♥♥early access game for $20? Solution: Split game into 2♥♥♥♥♥♥early access games for $20 each!
Posted: January 31	1	3	None	681	877.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you want to have a happy life do not buy this game.
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	310.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've only been playing for a couple of months but I can tell you that this game is nowhere near ready to be played on the large scale it is now. There are still a ton of issues and the development team seems to take two steps back after moving one forward with every patch or update. The problem for me was that as a new player there is absolutely no way to properly train. The practice/training mode is just plain terrible as you can never find any loot, the weapons don't re-spawn apparently. It took me almost a month to get any confidence at all in gun fights because the only way you can practice for it is to queue a game and hope you land in a populated area and fight as often as possible. The problem is that a lot of these players have been playing for so long that they've mastered two tapping or first person shotgunning. Meaning that unless you get the jump (hiding) on them you stand almost no chance.The amount of two taps I've been getting is insane; I can't even play the ♥♥♥♥ing game anymore. Every encounter is now 5 shots or less. If you don't immediately two tap you're dead. What is the point of even looting for body armor when my last 7 or 8 deaths out of 10 are from a series of head shots in under 2 seconds. If there was a way to improve helmets to take additional shots I wouldn't be in such a rage at the moment but still...The game also has probably the worst development team in recent memory. Every "update" causes more issues, the hit registration is still off and there still is some bug or glitch I encounter that ruins my game around 5-10% of the time. They are either severely understaffed or incompetent, neither bodes well for them. I'm ashamed to say I spent around $60 to get crates for new skins and that wasn't even enough to get an ultra rare item. I'm done giving my money and time. I'll patiently wait until someone else develops a similar game and play that instead. The only reason I've played as long as I have is because it's a unique and fun (when there aren't bugs/issues) but I've simply had enough.
Posted: January 31	0	3	None	681	66.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								they are not interested in fixing bugs. they love crates through
Posted: January 31	4	3	None	681	549.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
												I hope you see this devs. You are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You are the sole reason that this game went downhill. Now you're trying all you can do to revive it.
Posted: September 25, 2017	1	3	None	27	199.4	Recommended	
Posted: September 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								very dead game
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												Paid money for this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they went F2P. Whatever, garbage♥♥♥♥♥game anyways.
Posted: September 25, 2017	1	3	None	27	111.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								game is♥♥♥♥♥♥lol will never get fixed aswell
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	210.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Play with friends - Own people, get ownedSeriously just buy this game, it may have it's flaws but it is one of the most entertaining games ever. If you're hesitant go watch Ninja play H1Z1 on twitch.
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	110.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								0/5 Pure♥♥♥♥♥♥... please dont buy
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	9.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cheaters flying&killing around with godmode.(Official: it's ok! glad to have such players)Team up with friends with normal run.(Official: Unacceptable! Perma Ban!)Naice Jaob!
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	176.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Stop adding ♥♥♥♥ing skins and start optimized this game ffs :<
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	3.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you played PUBG and you like it then H1Z1 is definitly not for u. + Optimilization is good+ you get some free crates with skins every 5 levels- Aiming with weapons is horrible, one of the worst I ever seen- you get many crates wich you can't open with game wallet and you must pay real money to open them
Posted: September 25, 2017	0	3	None	27	62.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24
												i did eveything i can do to get this game to open i havent played it for a while went to go play in after like a few month a white screen comes on my screen like its loading and then just closes and it nit running i trying to try to run as administrator and run as windows 7  nothing reinstalled it too it used to work not no more so i wouldnt recommend this game till it work so if someone got a idea how to fix let me know i wish i can just get my money back from this game
Posted: September 25, 2017	3	11	None	27	10.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 17
												stay away
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	0.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
OVERALL RATING: 8/10In-game Time: 275+ Hours [35+ hours shown on "Just Survive" before the game-split 2016]Played Since: December 2015PLEASE NOTE: The account that this review is posted from has zero in-game time. However, I have 170+ hours on H1Z1 on my main account. Check out my main account here:XENOCIDEINTRODUCTION: H1Z1 is a highly thrilling open world shooter that will grip you for hours upon hours with intense and tactical gameplay. Drop into Solos, Duos, or Fives - in the classic Battle Royale style to fight for your place, until you are the only one that remains. Alternatively, hop into a car in a team of four in Auto Royale - facing other teams of four in a demolition derby style Battle Royale.POSITIVES: - Great use of multiplayer using huge servers taking advantage of the mass of land with the usual Solo game having 150 individual players, Duos 150 (75 pairs), Fives 150 (30 teams), and Auto Royale 100 teams (25 teams).- Great fun alone as well as the option of two-player duos, or five-player teams - allowing the use of lone combat or collaborating with friends (or searching for random teammates) utilising tactics, communication, and skill to be the last team left.- The new game mode addition, Auto Royale! A never seen before Battle Royale concept that encompasses a demolition derby style with teams of four fighting it out with the use of perks and weaponry to be the last vehicle standing.- Really nice skin system, loads available, all at good prices - lets you spice your character, weapons, and vehicles up a bit so you don't all look bland and alike.- No "Pay to Win" element to the game. All purchasable products are simply cosmetic, which allows you to have fun but doesn't give an unfair advantage to those who have access to Daddy's Credit Card ;)NEGATIVES: - Quite a few bugs are needed to be fixed regularly, which often seem to take much time to correct; although the development team are sharpening up with patches.- The userbase is nowhere near the 150,000 it used to be - recently dipping down to a mere 10,000 gamers; meaning games may take a minute or so to begin. However, since going Free to Play numbers are rising and queue times seem to be improving.SUMMARY: I believe, as well as many others, that the games basis and concept is amazing, but the current developers and design is what lets it down slightly; it seems to just have something missing and needs focused development to get it stable and then further expand. However it truly is a worthwhile game to play (especially as it is has gone Free to Play - if you don't like it you can simply uninstall it and not worry you have wasted your hard earned money), just be aware of its current minor flaws and needed tweaks. The game is on the up with development however, with combat, vehicles, movement, and a new game mode making it an attractive purchase to make - especially as it's now free.
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	4.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												Closest you can get to PUBG for FREE! as this game is now free to play
Posted: March 11	1	3	None	4	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's crap,plus U CAN'T DELETE UR DAYBREAK ACCOUNT while also requires permission to sent info to the U.S.Something is fishy here BEWARE!
Posted: March 11	1	3	None	4	0.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												I need refund to this game. wtf
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	91.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
												This game went from bad to worse with the combat update, i wish they refunded my $20 when they made the game free. If i'd known these updates were coming i would've never bought it... This game is dead because the developers stopped caring. 0/10 waste of storage.
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	294.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game now. what the ♥♥♥♥ have you done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥holy ♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	1,192.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Mnóstwo bugów, które praktycznie uniemożliwiają rozgrywkę. Człowiek biegnie sobie po ulicy, dostaje 3 razy z shotguna (!) w głowę, po czym ma może -15hp. Nie wspominam już o samoistnym wybuchaniu aut, wpadaniu pod mapę etc.
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	609.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is perfect with bugs galore.
Posted: March 11	1	3	None	4	11.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is the purest form of cancer and the best example of a game that shouldn't even be released, it's broken as ♥♥♥♥ randomly crashes and has the most bugs I've encountered in a game so far. Waste of money.
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	4	36.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bought this game altough I knew there were problems with servers and it is Early Access.I played about 5-6 rounds and it was so much fun, a really good game BUTBut then the connection problems started - I couldnt play single round for 2-3 days now.Everytime I get the G9 Error code and already tried to fix this error for hours (deinstall & reinstall included)So even if this game is pretty decent and is much fun - especially if you can play it with your friends - I would not recommend the game just for the reason you will pay for a game you will not be able to playAnd as simple as it is - this sucks. Not even DayZ was that buggy and full of errors in its Beta
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	45.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1: King of the Bugs
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	10.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												comon  man i paid money for dis♥♥♥♥♥♥and now is free omgg give my money back
Posted: February 6, 2017	1	3	None	91	2.3	Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Indonesian Hoodie Please
Posted: February 6, 2017	1	3	None	91	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												Better than Fortnite, BUT still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mouse bug, I can`t ♥♥♥♥ing move, what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥game? 
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	589.6	Recommended	
Posted: December 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								lol
Posted: February 6, 2017	4	3	None	91	34.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	821.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3
												TLDR: Spend your money elsewhere.Here is what your money will buy you currently with this game~ Windows 10 users will get microstutters (screen lag) regardless of region / ping and video settings / graphics card.~ The game audio is terrible, no sound when a player is directly at your 6 & footsteps are non existent outside 5m.~ Desync is prevalent, you will think your behind cover and you die bc the other player sees you in the open.~ Damage from hits with weapons is inconnestent due to poor hit registration / desync.~ There is a sniper bug currently that will not allow the player to aim down the scope in third person.~ There are a ton of ESP / Aimbotting playerrs because the out dated and poor anti-cheat system implemented.~ The community is toxic, so bad that you need to record video and report the in-game toxic behavor according to the dev.~ The community in NA has vanished, you have to paly EU / Asia to get games in a timely manner. 
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								I was excited to play for the free week and see what all the hype was about. I have 22 minutes played. Those 22 minutes were spent attempting to log in, and getting pwnd with various error messages. Worst online gaming experience since I didn't buy Battlefront II. GG.
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Really bad don't waste your money and time on this
Posted: February 6, 2017	0	3	None	91	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												dont bother with this garbage
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	3	None	57	251.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 has always been developed under the principle of creating a game side-by-side with our players, and we’ve used Early Access as an opportunity to grow our relationship with our community. We will continue to use player feedback to plot the course for King of the Kill and to make it as good as we all know it can be.
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	3	None	57	5.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Waste of money.....
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	3	None	57	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								huina igra . ppc prost . -3/10
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	3	None	57	28.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								f*** this perma crashing and full of bugs game. dont buy it, it desnt worth, trust me.
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	3	None	57	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								unfinished "early access"-forever type game. there's better f2p games to play than this.
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	3	None	57	1,068.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME NEEDS SO MUCH HELP MY ♥♥♥♥ING CAT COULD DO BETTER THAN THIS DONT BUY THIS GAME........
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	3	None	57	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								it sucks
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	3	None	57	27.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crash after crash after crash
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	3	None	57	140.8	Recommended	
Posted: February 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good concept sometimes ruined by the bugs devs don't seem to care about.
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	3	None	57	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's crap,plus U CAN'T DELETE UR DAYBREAK ACCOUNT while also requires permission to sent info to the U.S.Something is fishy here BEWARE!
Posted: November 27, 2017	0	3	None	103	5.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Waste of money.....
Posted: November 27, 2017	0	3	None	103	140.8	Recommended	
Posted: February 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good concept sometimes ruined by the bugs devs don't seem to care about.
Posted: November 27, 2017	1	3	None	103	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
Early Access Review
								What's wrong with this game? Let me explain. Everything.	Go waste your money on a copy of killer7, way better game than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥combined with a trainwreck.
Posted: November 27, 2017	0	3	None	103	8.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												wtf????????
Posted: November 27, 2017	0	3	None	103	5.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												♥♥♥♥♥off ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs, abandoning the original h1z1 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: November 27, 2017	1	3	None	103	39.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
												Can't believe I paid for this.... even if it was on sale. They really only started "updating" the game after PUBG came out. Not a fan of it myself, but now fortnite dominates the gaming industry, and is far better than this trash that still uses the zombies name.
Posted: November 27, 2017	1	3	None	103	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								huina igra . ppc prost . -3/10
Posted: November 27, 2017	0	3	None	103	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								ok so i knew there was gona be bugs and stuf But i assumed it will not be bad as the review sad well im thanking steam refund now caz this game hasnt fixed one of the most simple bugs like after u die i a match i have to restart the game just to play more of it and look at the producers letter is this a joke well they won they made a lot of money and only thing we can do is turn the review into negitive  oh help us GOD 
Posted: November 27, 2017	0	3	None	103	1,568.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Where do i begin with this game...Pros- -Fun and addicting - Has a lot of ongoing updates keeping the game alive- cheap battle royale gameCons-- shotguns.- Lami Spawns are insane - Only solo ranking system- Glitches in game constantly- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths sometimesOverall would recomend to any battle royale player, very fast paced and chill to play with friends. 
Posted: November 27, 2017	1	3	None	103	28.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								f*** this perma crashing and full of bugs game. dont buy it, it desnt worth, trust me.
Posted: November 13, 2016	0	3	None	34	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								unfinished "early access"-forever type game. there's better f2p games to play than this.
Posted: November 13, 2016	0	3	None	34	21.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2017
												I'm a person who LOVES battle royale style games. When I was quite young I used to play minecraft hunger games, I played a ridiculous amount of rust battle royale, and then this came out and I decided to try it. For some reason that I can't understand, this game is incredibly popular despite having almost no updates, almost no weapon variety (less than 5 primary weapons in the game), and just overall being very repetitive and infuriating (this is coming from someone who plays this type of game frequently. I know it should get frustrating at some points but this game takes it to another level). Player Unknown's Battlegrounds is an exponentially better game, so if you're a fan of this style of game, spend the extra $10 and get that.
Posted: November 13, 2016	4	3	None	34	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								When your mom won't give you that extra ten bucks for PUBG
Posted: November 13, 2016	2	3	None	34	79.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9
												I WANT MY 30 DOLLARS BACK
Posted: November 13, 2016	1	3	None	34	17.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
												请问我可以退货吗， 我那时花$20 买的，你说降价就降价， 现在都降到$5了你坑不坑人。我要退货，没人玩就降价，死奸商
Posted: November 13, 2016	0	3	None	34	28.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24
												i bought this game back when it was 30 bucks ANNNDD, I bought 2 copies to give to a friend so really, i spent 60 bucks on this ♥♥♥♥ing trash, now they ♥♥♥♥ing pulled one of the worst moves in gaming history, went ♥♥♥♥ing FREE TO PLAYThe game was♥♥♥♥♥♥enough as it was, now add the FTP community and the constant hackersthey could have AT LEAST given those of us who payed for this game some sort of special limited edition with all the skins or some♥♥♥♥♥♥idfk..if i dont get my ♥♥♥♥ing 30 dollars back im going to be really ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥br>id sue if knew how to ;n;dont you dare ♥♥♥♥ing touch this gamestay FARRRR AWAY from this POS   *piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ill sue you too
Posted: November 13, 2016	0	3	None	34	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3
												really bad honestly, just sucksthere are way better games out there  
Posted: November 13, 2016	1	3	None	34	1,181.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Pls add map to train aim or maps with bots cuz how someone with 50h in game can kill dude with 1k hours in game or more ?????
Posted: November 13, 2016	0	3	None	34	3,084.9	Recommended	
Posted: September 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Asia/Pacific Server's are filled with Chinese hackers, I am dissapointed in the new combat update because the anti-cheat system doesn't work with the new combat update. There is still over 20 people in 1 server using hacks; Such as Aimbot and ESP, Please for the love of god upgrade your Anti-Cheat
Posted: November 13, 2016	0	3	None	34	593.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												OMG so.... i pay to get the alpha access and when the game goes full release it goes free to play!!!! really???? i feel ripped off, i kind of want my money back.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	12.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								They can change the entire layout of the menu, but they still can't fix their game, and due to PUBG's success, that probably won't happen anytime soon 
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	21.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												-Bought the game-Didn't like the game but too late to refund-Game becomes free-Got some funky in-game credits and cases as a reward-I got sh!t.-Don't bother10/10 would buy again
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	21.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												veri gud.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	11	None	112	173.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game used to be good game but now is a good way to wast your time on some thing you will regret
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	60.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								The devs are the worst ever landed on this rock we call earth, seriously although I like the game and will put many hours in it. I get angry every time I play it, This game was a ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant idea but they do nothing with it, 50% of the time when you start up the game it will crash, after a year did didn't get fixed, THERE IS STILL THE ♥♥♥♥ING GLITCH WHERE THE ENVIROMENT RANDOMLY KILLS YOU AND YOUR GAME IS OVER HOW HARD CAN IT BE TO FIX IT.♥♥♥♥ sake devs at least make your game ♥♥♥♥ing playable, you're sitting on a goldmine, you're only using a ♥♥♥♥ing percent of it, if this game just worked properly I would even spend some money for ingame currency. Devs you absolute daft♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	212.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 30
												ummm since its free can i get a refund??? Trash game anyways
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								No south african servers, thus permanent 200+ ping and crashes everytime I try to load in
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	44.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Its a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game.If it doesnt give you an error after every 3 game then you should be ♥♥♥♥ing thankfull.Its has ♥♥♥♥ing long load screens lag spikes and crashes.UPDATE:The hitbox is trash too everybody can kill you one shot with a shotgun at close range but if you wanna kill somebody they always survive with 5 hp because thats how it works.The developers are lazy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who cant fix some simple mistakes and bugs and they dont really give a ♥♥♥♥ about the game...If you wanna buy this game just don't if u wanna spend 20€ so badly just give it to a homeless man or something.They should pay us to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								It doesn't even work. Crashes at launch.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	3	None	112	191.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								So many things wrong with this game, i can´t even write them all here.
Posted: May 28, 2016	0	3	None	24	20.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: May 28, 2016	1	3	None	24	260.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								''THEY BREAK''
Posted: May 28, 2016	0	3	None	24	108.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								So I logged a decent amount of hours just to get a good feel for the game, Placed into Diamond based off my top 10 games.Over all this game is terrible, you run into so many issues and hackers. Yes hackers I understand there are some good people but being 2 tapped in the head while driving... Multiple times? to fish for me. I wouldn't recommend buying this game to anyone.
Posted: May 28, 2016	2	3	None	24	506.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								AMAZING!!! Btw for everyone complaining, being bad at the game isn't a reason for the game to be bad. :)
Posted: May 28, 2016	1	3	None	24	34.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace and makes me wants to start slitting my wrists violently whilst headbutting the table to the obnoxiously loud main menu music, there are bugs everywhere from the character creation screen to literally randomly dying, I would get more enjoyment from licking Tobasco sauce of a homeless mans greasy sweaty body whilst The Pope whips my bare buttox untill I scream the words "H1Z1 isnt a♥♥♥♥♥♥game", than ever playing this game again.
Posted: May 28, 2016	0	3	None	24	461.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game could have been great if Daybreak wasn't behind the wheel. Every single update is one step forward and 17 steps back. Thanks for ruining your own game daybreak.
Posted: May 28, 2016	0	3	None	24	399.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								The fact that this game is still so bad, even though it's been milked beyond belief and been out for 2 years or so, is actually amazing. You should by now have atleast a semi-functional game and not some broken, buggy piece of garbage.Daybreak focusing more on making new Skins instead of actually fixing their game.The skins do look cool, but does not make up for the amount of bugs and pure garbage this is.The ages it takes to open & close the game.FPS drops out of nowhere. 90+fps and down to 1 FPS for a 2-8sec1/10 Developer.3/10 Game.5/10 Skins.10/10 Airdrop explosions
Posted: May 28, 2016	1	3	None	24	10.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								do not buy this piece of crap
Posted: May 28, 2016	0	3	None	24	1,822.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								com ou sem bug nois joga
Posted: May 28, 2016	0	3	None	24	278.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								If I see one more Asian killing me I will feed both your daughters my♥♥♥♥♥♥and make them eat communion bread♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 30, 2017	1	3	None	90	2.3	Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Indonesian Hoodie Please
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	294.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game now. what the ♥♥♥♥ have you done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥holy ♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								I was excited to play for the free week and see what all the hype was about. I have 22 minutes played. Those 22 minutes were spent attempting to log in, and getting pwnd with various error messages. Worst online gaming experience since I didn't buy Battlefront II. GG.
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	18.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												full of hackers
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
												game is too arcade, old battle royale. Better playing PUBG than this (especially at box sale)your spend wallet for this gamePUBG make full your walletso decide, spend or make wallet!!!!!!! WTH !!!!!!!!!!!!NOW THIS GAME FREE TO PLAY !!!can I refund ?
Posted: June 30, 2017	1	3	None	90	18.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Ok so i bought the game.. but now its to F2P?..
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	5.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 28
												i mean, did they really lose that money? didn't de dev's say that the game will go F2P when it gets its full release? so from what i see it they didn't lose anything and and asking for a refund because it went F2P its just dumb but yea i find the game ok(hurr durr only 5 hours, you don't have the right to state your opinion hurr durr). This is my personal experience but i never had to wait more than 5 seconds to join a game, it is pretty hard to get started as you will play against pro's and tryhards that have been here for some time but than again fortnite or PUBG have this problem to(wich is not really a problem it's normal for any game tho some kind of MM would be nice so you don't have biginers playing against pro's) and the gunplay ain't half bad, better than the random hit's you get in fortnite, on PUBG i don't rlly know as i never played it so i won't open that can of worms but to me this game ain't that bad and because it's free there is no point in not trying it
Posted: June 30, 2017	1	3	None	90	11.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												At least give "just survive" for free to all who bought this game before..
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	72.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 15, 2017
The worst 12€ ever spent.This game deserves nothing but death. 
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	90	61.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												Well if it is free now give me back god damn money!
Posted: October 3, 2016	2	3	None	5	205.2	Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								I really enjoy this game. It has brought me many hours of fun and enjoyment. However i do not like the bugs that have come with thus new map. But it is bugs are exspected to be their, for all the people hating on the game because of major changes please just wait and see how well this game is going to be in the coming months.
Posted: October 3, 2016	0	3	None	5	29.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game but ,PUBG'' is better
Posted: October 3, 2016	0	3	None	5	4.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥. 
Posted: October 3, 2016	1	3	None	5	3.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												They made the game free-to-play just 10 days after the release. They had all the DLC's and everything else ready for this scam.And seriously, a 92,99€ DLC? Nah, better stay away from this "free-to-play" money-grubbing piece of garbage game (And Daybreak Game Company)
Posted: October 3, 2016	0	3	None	5	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
Early Access Review
								i hit guy 5 tiems he 1 hit me what this gane sucks
Posted: October 3, 2016	0	3	None	5	271.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								needs work but fun
Posted: October 3, 2016	0	3	None	5	8.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												this game is terrible. I bought it for $20 and i absolutely hate it.
Posted: October 3, 2016	1	3	None	5	671.3	Recommended	
Posted: August 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fix hit reg and fix AR-15 spray
Posted: October 3, 2016	1	3	None	5	59.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Drop down like a deadly stealthy navy baby seal of the most elite Mountain Dew special forces. Me and my squad lee lang  and his chinese triad crew watching my back. land near the suburbs perfect place.. Grab an ak, an ar15, a shotgun and a ton of ammo, also find a lammy body armour. Player landed next to me,, I unload on his face with deadly accuracy. I pickup his badass demon mask. squad is backed with gear and we got a cop car. as I join to meet them i take a short cut and Hopp over a couch cause I'm lazy to go around. Instantly killed by the couch, and I loose all the gear. A map full of crazy trigger happy rednecks with guns and I am killed by couch. Lesson learned: dont be lazy or couch will kill you 10/10 bugs are the true kings of the kill...
Posted: October 3, 2016	0	3	None	5	502.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												trash game LUL
Posted: April 28	0	3	None	58	103.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												Died to a better game cuz its♥♥♥♥♥♥dont even play this. roblox is more popular than this like wtf bro. out of here with this♥♥♥♥♥♥man. 20 bucks for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ not wurf. dont even get it for free
Posted: April 28	0	3	None	58	42.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								To be honest its not a friendly game, it has a bunch of bugs and glitches, it's difficult to learn how to playbut the real reason this game is bad, the community is TOXIC, no LoL no CS:GO this one feels like every one would want you to get a sever terminal sickness, if they kill you and they go to loot you EVERY ONE will eventually go "thanks for your stuff you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥" "you ♥♥♥♥ing suck ♥♥♥♥♥♥" and of course "get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here you ♥♥♥♥♥♥" NOT ONE, NOT A SINGLE PERSON wont do this(sorry for bad english)other than that it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs that lets face it they wont fix themmicrotransactions that you can ignorethey fixed some performance issues wich I am glad aboutand overall stupidityif you by accident buy this "game" play it with friends and "try to get good" other wise you will be raging
Posted: April 28	1	3	None	58	1.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 9
												FINALLY! it feels like daybreak is taking a step into the right direction while bringing back the old feel of the game. the only thing that sucks is top tier streamers dont want to play the game due to stream snipers :// which makes it difficult to find exposure. #BringBackPreSeason4
Posted: April 28	0	3	None	58	75.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												Was once an amazing game along with what is now Just Survive. Both are now husks of what they use to be. dont waste your time. Play PUBG or Fortnite, both great games.
Posted: April 28	0	3	None	58	43.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												give my money
Posted: April 28	1	3	None	58	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18
Early Access Review
								What's wrong with this game? Let me explain. Everything.	Go waste your money on a copy of killer7, way better game than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥combined with a trainwreck.
Posted: April 28	0	3	None	58	821.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3
												TLDR: Spend your money elsewhere.Here is what your money will buy you currently with this game~ Windows 10 users will get microstutters (screen lag) regardless of region / ping and video settings / graphics card.~ The game audio is terrible, no sound when a player is directly at your 6 & footsteps are non existent outside 5m.~ Desync is prevalent, you will think your behind cover and you die bc the other player sees you in the open.~ Damage from hits with weapons is inconnestent due to poor hit registration / desync.~ There is a sniper bug currently that will not allow the player to aim down the scope in third person.~ There are a ton of ESP / Aimbotting playerrs because the out dated and poor anti-cheat system implemented.~ The community is toxic, so bad that you need to record video and report the in-game toxic behavor according to the dev.~ The community in NA has vanished, you have to paly EU / Asia to get games in a timely manner. 
Posted: April 28	0	3	None	58	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Waiting time and dissapointment simulator 2016.If you are looking for a really dull, huge deathmatch/clothes show off, with long waiting times, bad shooting mechanics, then this is the game you are looking for! Otherwise, save your money and buy something else._____________________________________PROS:Can't think of any as of now.CONS:- Too long waiting times- Aiming and shooting is 70% luck, 15% skill, 15% weirdness. It's just clonky and silly, which is kinda bad in a game where you have to shoot to endure.- Game just feels very dull, there's not much depth into it. I mean the core of it is to kill or be killed but really there should be a little something more to keep people interested. And I don't mean adding new weapon skins and hats.- Every game feels the same, so it gets boring very quickly._____________________________________ 
Posted: April 28	1	3	None	58	45.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16
												Honestly. The worst game I've ever played. Shooting makes your whole screen wiggle, it just feels unnatural, even if it's recoil. It's also only about reaction time and patience, someone can sit in a house and hide forever and you can't even blow up the damn house, isn't it funny how a "cartoon" game like Fortnite has that feature of all the realistic BR games. This game used to be better, but now it seems like they want to make it more modern, which, for sure, does not make it better.
Posted: April 28	4	3	None	58	34.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
												Car wont start
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	1,365.2	Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								..
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	294.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game now. what the ♥♥♥♥ have you done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥holy ♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	1,192.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Mnóstwo bugów, które praktycznie uniemożliwiają rozgrywkę. Człowiek biegnie sobie po ulicy, dostaje 3 razy z shotguna (!) w głowę, po czym ma może -15hp. Nie wspominam już o samoistnym wybuchaniu aut, wpadaniu pod mapę etc.
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	609.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is perfect with bugs galore.
Posted: March 31	1	3	None	72	11.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is the purest form of cancer and the best example of a game that shouldn't even be released, it's broken as ♥♥♥♥ randomly crashes and has the most bugs I've encountered in a game so far. Waste of money.
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	36.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bought this game altough I knew there were problems with servers and it is Early Access.I played about 5-6 rounds and it was so much fun, a really good game BUTBut then the connection problems started - I couldnt play single round for 2-3 days now.Everytime I get the G9 Error code and already tried to fix this error for hours (deinstall & reinstall included)So even if this game is pretty decent and is much fun - especially if you can play it with your friends - I would not recommend the game just for the reason you will pay for a game you will not be able to playAnd as simple as it is - this sucks. Not even DayZ was that buggy and full of errors in its Beta
Posted: March 31	2	3	None	72	6.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												Absolute rubbish. PUBG is the world ♥♥♥♥♥estt game but this one just put the cherry on top
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								developers need to stop focusing on skins and focus on balancing the game
Posted: March 31	0	3	None	72	93.2	Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								love this game
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	387.7	Recommended	
Posted: February 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								You can spend hours a day playing this game and trying to improve your skill. I love that it's not only a casual game. The competitive scene is getting bigger and bigger. The solo, duo and five ranking system is awesome.positive:- addictivity- solo/team ranking- always many players online -> short wait- every 5 level a free crate- fun with friends- "fast" games because of the gas- playable for rushers, campers, solo players, team players...- in my opinion, 19,99€ is a fair pricenegative:- still a lot of bugs- hitreg- sometimes server problems- might be a rough start for beginnersIf you get along with the bugs you can really enjoy the game. In my opinion, a must have for shooter players. I'm curious about future updates.best 20€ in my life ᕦ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)ᕤ
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	122.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's a great! game in concept :[ i highly recommend if you do not have a fast and stable connection NOT to buy this game!!! Seriously you wont be able to use any weapons in the game even be alowed to switch between them if you havn't got a stable connection it locks you out. More or less i wasted my money on this game due to the location i live ... and it not having a stable connection.. but great.. i guess if you don't wanna play it how it's meant to be played n feel like doing a big open world .. hide and seek.. >> seriously what kinda creators PUNISH people for situations out side of there control such as there connection speed? but ow well.. down vote from me due to this and heard alot of people having the same issue..
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	208.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								After not playing for a long time, I wanted to play a few games....Hoped on with my friend for duos-first game : parachute goes through the ground (my friend too)second game : same thingthird game : same thing-kill me-I don't recommend this trash♥♥♥♥♥game-and I hope it could be smooth cause it has potential.... kinda....♥♥♥♥ you devs
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crashes everytime in the loading screen.Never had such a problem with other games...
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								I'm Having a better expirence on PlayerUnkown's Battlegrounds Instead of this.
Posted: February 8, 2017	1	3	None	289	862.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is a piece of s***. Dev team doesnt listen to the player, they do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates like different bird sounds when they have game breaking glitches like your gun shooting blanks and not registering. Oh lets not forget about the f*****g desync in this game. LOL ITS LAUGHABLE. You could be shooting at a character and hes actually 4 feet over and invisible. Oh and dont get me started with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cars in this game. Youll be driving and randomly explode. This game is filled with hackers and cheaters and guess what the dev team is busy doing? Banning streamers who team up to kill the stream snipers and hackers. GOOD JOB LMFAO. If I could return this♥♥♥♥♥♥game I would. But instead I have to uninstall it and f*****g look at it every day. This game is so s*** that Im going to make a new steam account and rebuy all my games EXCEPT this♥♥♥♥♥♥f*****g game so I dont even have to look at it anymore.
Posted: February 8, 2017	1	3	None	289	11.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												At least give "just survive" for free to all who bought this game before..
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	586.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												So much fun!!
Posted: February 8, 2017	0	3	None	289	3.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you played PUBG and you like it then H1Z1 is definitly not for u. + Optimilization is good+ you get some free crates with skins every 5 levels- Aiming with weapons is horrible, one of the worst I ever seen- you get many crates wich you can't open with game wallet and you must pay real money to open them
Posted: February 8, 2017	1	3	None	289	1,127.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game made me remind my mother that I love her, everytime I play it. So now I'm close with my mum. Thanks Daybreak.
Posted: March 13	3	3	None	112	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												I played 0.2 hours of this game and all I can say is that I had a lot of fun waiting 20 minutes in a lobby for the server to fill up with players. Was great fun. If you enjoy waiting for a late bus then this is the game for you!! I guess you could say that the reason they call the new gamemode "Autoroyale" is because you're waiting for a bus(server) at a stop for elongated periods of time, just like you would in real life.
Posted: March 13	1	3	None	112	73.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19, 2017
												when your game becomes so bad that you make it f2p
Posted: March 13	0	3	None	112	50.5	Recommended	
Posted: September 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is a LOT better then H1Z1 just survive.Its playable.Fun with friends.car are fun to drive :Pbut it lacks some major features..Limited weapons..No weapons customization.. (scope's , larger mags , silancer etc)you can jump out of cars at full speed.. without any major disadvange..I personally hate the weapons ballistics but most people are ok with it.The dev's sometimes do not fix the thing causing bugs and issues. instead they save time and effort by removing the thing causing the bug in the 1st place. eg: there was a bug with doors using which you could go to the roof of buildings from top floor(not all roofs have access through stairs.).. they fixed it by removing all doors from the top floor (atleast in the Z1 map, Not sure about the new ARENA map)Iam giving it a positive review since its Fun to play with friends.Games are played to have FUN!!
Posted: March 13	1	3	None	112	111.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								game is♥♥♥♥♥♥lol will never get fixed aswell
Posted: March 13	1	3	None	112	4,507.1	Recommended	
Posted: January 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								I LOVE H1Z1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Posted: March 13	0	3	None	112	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												"Ooooh! This game looks cool!"Buys for 20 euros.*Next day*H1Z1 is now F2P!"..."
Posted: March 13	0	3	None	112	374.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 16
												BRING BACK OUR GAME.
Posted: March 13	0	3	None	112	994.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												very good gfame go buy kids or i mean go downmlaodnm klidsz u mnppb ime global royal yiu nobs dimanond #firtbtibe+ 4 kidz
Posted: March 13	0	3	None	112	12.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 8, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ you h1z1
Posted: March 13	1	3	None	112	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hey everyone just got this game for 9.99 and thought it would be alright.... Made an account and tried to play the game. GAME ERROR - CODE G32DESCRIPTION:We're sorry; it looks like you are trying to play the game using a different Daybreak Account than what was originally used when you bought Early Access. The Daybreak Account linked to this Steam account is NaNa********. Please use this account to log into the H1Z1 Launchpad. I dont know what they are talking about. I got the game on this account like a day ago and just made a in game account because they make you too and this happened. If anyone knows why it did this plz tell meI have made four other F**KING accounts to try and play this game but they keep saying this ERROR code
Posted: March 8	2	3	None	105	16.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Imagine paying money for a game and then it becomes free
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	15.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥👺
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	350.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								fix your hit reg its garbage
Posted: March 8	1	3	None	105	144.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								I RATHER SPEND 20 BUCKS ON HEROINE THAN BUYING THIS WORTHLESS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥0/100 IGN
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	502.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												trash game LUL
Posted: March 8	4	3	None	105	20.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								stephen hawking runs better than this game.
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crashes everytime in the loading screen.Never had such a problem with other games...
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	25.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								I dont normally write bad reviews, but this isnt your normal♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I wont deny the fact that I have had fun with friends over the past 2 years, presplit it wasnt actually all that bad. But Daybreak had to come along and massively ♥♥♥♥ over the game.Splitting it into H1Z1: JS and KOTK was the biggest ♥♥♥♥ing cash grab move ive ever seen in a game, and is pretty funny that they said it was going to be free to play...Now they can massively rip you off by charging TWICE as much for the two games! Wonderful! And the fact that instead of making the game better they just add more microtransactions and even more ways to rip you the ♥♥♥♥ off. If it wasnt for the fact that I had no other way to play BR then this game would have been uninstalled and refunded months ago. If you are looking for a real BR game that isnt riddled with microtransactions and ridiculous looking clothing, then just go by PlayerUnknown's Battelgrounds. Ive already had more fun in PUBG in 10 hours than I have in the entirety of H1Z1. This game should have been out of early access years ago and its a big F U to other games that actually deserve to be in early access. ♥♥♥♥ daybreak and their money grabbing schemes.
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	294.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game now. what the ♥♥♥♥ have you done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥holy ♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 8	0	3	None	105	1,192.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Mnóstwo bugów, które praktycznie uniemożliwiają rozgrywkę. Człowiek biegnie sobie po ulicy, dostaje 3 razy z shotguna (!) w głowę, po czym ma może -15hp. Nie wspominam już o samoistnym wybuchaniu aut, wpadaniu pod mapę etc.
Posted: April 18	1	3	None	29	10.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												♥♥♥♥♥game, damn and I used to like it. Now it feels like a free ♥♥♥♥ing game. I'd rather play fortnite mate.
Posted: April 18	1	3	None	29	126.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 29
												Really good game but don't listen to the people who say H1Z1 has "died". It has not died it is just a meme and you have to have commitment into this game, it is especially fun when you are playing with your friends who are same rank or skill group as yours.
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	103.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												Died to a better game cuz its♥♥♥♥♥♥dont even play this. roblox is more popular than this like wtf bro. out of here with this♥♥♥♥♥♥man. 20 bucks for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ not wurf. dont even get it for free
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	149.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												If you really enjoy Battle Royale Games you should for sure over 9000% try this game out, I've downloaded it yesterday and after that i played it for 19 hours straight with my best friends. It's just so fun you can't imagine so you have to try it out to know ;) My first time was obviously really bad in this game but after the first like 10 hours i got ranked into Gold IV and after that I went up to Plat III so its really not that hard to get better at the game slowly if you're not completely braindead. I'm still struggling to aim with both the AR-15 and AK-47 but that's exactly why I'm gonna tryhard this game to get good even with those weapons. This game in general is just so much fun not only Duo but also Solo, Fives aren't that great but you gotta get used to it and it'll be fine, especially since Fives are a lot harder than Duos since there are such high rank people, like Royalties for example that just 2 tap you xD Overall I think this game is really good and don't know why it'd ever die or anythingGreat Game!~ ^^
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	2.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												not bad game specialy when they added auto royale i liked it moreand now its Free good luck on gettong more players devs :D
Posted: April 18	1	3	None	29	1,111.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I mean for a free to play game, I'd definitely recommend giving it a try. It's a little frustrating, but a decent game.
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												need servers in Dubai/South Asia
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	20.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game f*cking sucks.So sluggish, unresponsive, luck matters more than aim, shotguns are nearly useless after a range of 2 meters, "25" bullets to the body to kill, stack meds to have cod-tier health regen, etc
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	19.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 15
												1. Bought Game before it was F2P ($20)2. Game goes F2P3. Daybreak refunds me by giving me 10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ common crates, 10000 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ freemium skulls, and a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skins4. Opened the 10 common crates5. Got about $.30 in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skinsThanks for taking my money
Posted: April 18	0	3	None	29	42.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								To be honest its not a friendly game, it has a bunch of bugs and glitches, it's difficult to learn how to playbut the real reason this game is bad, the community is TOXIC, no LoL no CS:GO this one feels like every one would want you to get a sever terminal sickness, if they kill you and they go to loot you EVERY ONE will eventually go "thanks for your stuff you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥" "you ♥♥♥♥ing suck ♥♥♥♥♥♥" and of course "get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here you ♥♥♥♥♥♥" NOT ONE, NOT A SINGLE PERSON wont do this(sorry for bad english)other than that it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs that lets face it they wont fix themmicrotransactions that you can ignorethey fixed some performance issues wich I am glad aboutand overall stupidityif you by accident buy this "game" play it with friends and "try to get good" other wise you will be raging
Posted: April 16	1	3	None	37	189.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16
												Plizz fix this "game"  
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	54.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								pubg varken bunu oynayanın akıl sağlığından şüphe ederim :D pubg alın da aim görsel kalite ve mekanik görün
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								You should buy the Playerunknown's Battlegrounds instead.
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	29.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is the best game i've played in a while! It's Actionfilled, and entertaining, and i just love it! I love how you have to find weapons and orientate around the map to not get killed by the gas, or other players!I Recommend this to people that are 13 years old and older
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	266.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								junk
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	20.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								What are you doing here? Just go and buy Playersunknow's Battleground!
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								no
Posted: April 16	1	3	None	37	23.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								An idiot asked me to buy this ridiculous game with♥♥♥♥♥♥devs and unfortunately i did it. And i regret it!Get playerunkown's battleground instead. Don't waste your time with this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Me paga broooo quero meu dinheiro de volta deposita o cash
Posted: April 16	0	3	None	37	21.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2017
												I'm a person who LOVES battle royale style games. When I was quite young I used to play minecraft hunger games, I played a ridiculous amount of rust battle royale, and then this came out and I decided to try it. For some reason that I can't understand, this game is incredibly popular despite having almost no updates, almost no weapon variety (less than 5 primary weapons in the game), and just overall being very repetitive and infuriating (this is coming from someone who plays this type of game frequently. I know it should get frustrating at some points but this game takes it to another level). Player Unknown's Battlegrounds is an exponentially better game, so if you're a fan of this style of game, spend the extra $10 and get that.
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I wish this could be on 32 bit :(i bought it and then looked at it and thought : oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ its 64 bit :/ 
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	99.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Get BattleGrounds.....You'll thank me later <3
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	61.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												Well if it is free now give me back god damn money!
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	711.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Yes you guys are right the game is very bugged. BUT its still a lot of fun to play with friends or in solo!
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	706.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								trash
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	191.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								So many things wrong with this game, i can´t even write them all here.
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	5.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 28
												i mean, did they really lose that money? didn't de dev's say that the game will go F2P when it gets its full release? so from what i see it they didn't lose anything and and asking for a refund because it went F2P its just dumb but yea i find the game ok(hurr durr only 5 hours, you don't have the right to state your opinion hurr durr). This is my personal experience but i never had to wait more than 5 seconds to join a game, it is pretty hard to get started as you will play against pro's and tryhards that have been here for some time but than again fortnite or PUBG have this problem to(wich is not really a problem it's normal for any game tho some kind of MM would be nice so you don't have biginers playing against pro's) and the gunplay ain't half bad, better than the random hit's you get in fortnite, on PUBG i don't rlly know as i never played it so i won't open that can of worms but to me this game ain't that bad and because it's free there is no point in not trying it
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	18.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 20
												Pros:You can buy some cool cosmetic stuff for under $1 on steam marketCons: Everything else
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Really bad don't waste your money and time on this
Posted: December 17, 2017	0	3	None	55	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												dont bother with this garbage
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	65.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								After months of playingh the game i finally won, however when i did, my screen went in to a loading screen then sent me back to the home page. I did not get any reward from this win and would like to know why and how i can contact the developers
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	164.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								If they would just fix this game it could be great.Simple things like watching your team mates game when you are killed or being able to report your killcam when you have obviously been cheated by a hacks.I would love to recommend this game but until they fix it I cant.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	1,209.8	Recommended	
Posted: August 27, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								meh
Posted: December 28, 2016	1	3	None	30	324.7	Recommended	
Posted: January 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								is gud
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	80.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								The idea of the game is quite good, and the general gameplay very fun, but it is insanely broken.- Are you and your mate playing duos and one of you die? Well the only thing that person can do is stare at where their killer was when they killed them, and nothing else. You can quit the match, but guess what? You won't get♥♥♥♥♥♥from playing then! It's the same in solos, if you die, you have to wait until the game is over, possibly for an hour, doing ♥♥♥♥all before you get anything from playing.- I've played it for 11 hours, and I haven't gotten a single piece of currency at all.- The aiming is wonky as absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- The inventory system is confusing- Wanna customize your character? The game says "F*ck off, unless you pay us a ♥♥♥♥ton to MAYBE get what you want ;)"- The game would be great if you could have benefits from working with random people, kinda like in DayZ.Overall generally a good game, unpolished as sh*t. Definately NOT Worth 20$
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	1,192.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Mnóstwo bugów, które praktycznie uniemożliwiają rozgrywkę. Człowiek biegnie sobie po ulicy, dostaje 3 razy z shotguna (!) w głowę, po czym ma może -15hp. Nie wspominam już o samoistnym wybuchaniu aut, wpadaniu pod mapę etc.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	609.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is perfect with bugs galore.
Posted: December 28, 2016	1	3	None	30	11.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is the purest form of cancer and the best example of a game that shouldn't even be released, it's broken as ♥♥♥♥ randomly crashes and has the most bugs I've encountered in a game so far. Waste of money.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	36.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bought this game altough I knew there were problems with servers and it is Early Access.I played about 5-6 rounds and it was so much fun, a really good game BUTBut then the connection problems started - I couldnt play single round for 2-3 days now.Everytime I get the G9 Error code and already tried to fix this error for hours (deinstall & reinstall included)So even if this game is pretty decent and is much fun - especially if you can play it with your friends - I would not recommend the game just for the reason you will pay for a game you will not be able to playAnd as simple as it is - this sucks. Not even DayZ was that buggy and full of errors in its Beta
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	3	None	30	45.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1: King of the Bugs
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	15.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								no
Posted: November 26, 2017	1	3	None	191	211.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								kony 2012
Posted: November 26, 2017	1	3	None	191	46.5	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you believe in getting out of a car at full speeds unscaved this is the game for you and you are autistic if you like that
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	934.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								this game is B R O K E N!
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	574.5	Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 King Of The Kill is a good open survival game. There are many like it that have advantages and negatives like this game.Good to play alone and with friends. Doesn't get boring to fast because each match always plays out different. Would recommend.
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	711.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Yes you guys are right the game is very bugged. BUT its still a lot of fun to play with friends or in solo!
Posted: November 26, 2017	3	3	None	191	11.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Bom pessoal, é o seguinte, eu jogo esse jogo aqui desde o tempo em que ele não tinha divisão, ou seja, quando just survive e king of the kill eram o mesmo jogo. Nesse tempo, o jogo estava extremamente mal otimizado. Eu tenho um pc com processador i5 3330, placa de video gtx 750 ti e 8gb de ram e com essas configurações o jogo deveria rodar no ultra com uma boa folga, mas não era isso que acontecia. Nem no low, com as texturas e qualidades gráficas escrotas, ele rodava direito. Esse jogo tinha drops constantes de FPS. Na maioria das vezes, rodando em 100 fps, caia rapidamente pra 20, 15, e isso era direto, quase todos os minutos da jogatina, fazendo com que ficasse impossivel de jogar. Agora na divisão, o jogo ficou um pouquinho mais otimizado, só que quase nada mesmo. Os drops de FPS ainda continuam muito constantes, não importando a qualidade gráfica que se deixe. No meu ver, ainda continua injogável. Espero que em algum dia, a daybreak resolva otimizar esse jogo pra todos os usuarios poderem desfrutar de uma qualidade gráfica aceitável para se jogar, principalmente aqueles que tem um pc com os requisitos recomendados para se jogar no maior gráfico possível e que infelizmente não podem, por mal comprometimento da equipe em trazer um jogo bem otimizado. Abaixo tem a primeira analise que fiz do jogo, positivando, quando estava ansioso em joga-lo. Depois de poucas horas jogando, vim fazer outra analise, negativando. E agora estou fazendo a analise final, mas não vou tirar a primeira que fiz, segue abaixo caso queiram ver a primeira analise que fiz do jogo, uma analise bem HueHueBR:>Pleno 2015>Morando no nordeste>Internet de 1 mega que só chega 500 kb>Bolado.jpeg >Compra o jogo na promoção de natal por 24 pilas>Ainda triste porque vai demorar um seculo pra baixar>Bota pra baixar o jogo>Jogo de 4.7gb>Baixando a 40kb~50kb>Estimativa de 3 dias pra concluir o jogo>MUITO TRISTE.exe>2 dias baixando>3 dias baixando>Poucas horas pra terminar o download>MUITO FELIZ.rar>Acabou o download>Executa o jogo>Cria uma conta pra poder entrar no jogo>Conta criada>Abre o jogo>Jogo da um erro g29>Dor no coração.psd>Inicia novamente>Agora jogo entrou>Muito feliz.bat>Jogo mal otimizado>Dando altas travadas mas ainda assim nao desiste de jogar>Inicia o modo de jogo battle royale>Caindo de paraquedas>Caiu>Dois passos>Um tiro dos quintos dos infernos>Me matou>Ódio.png>Abro novamente>Bug>Bug>Mais um bug>Consigo entrar no modo de jogo>Zumbi aparece do nada>Me matou>Ódio.png>Entro novamente>Encontro uma ♥♥♥♥ing arma com várias ♥♥♥♥ings munições>Entro no tumuto do pvp maroto>Mato dois seguidos>Feliz pra ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.png>Agora é só sobreviver
Posted: November 26, 2017	1	3	None	191	2,305.1	Recommended	
Posted: May 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Its pretty good I guess...10/10
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	586.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												So much fun!!
Posted: November 26, 2017	5	3	None	191	219.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1 is like a really hot girl that you knew in highschool but when you see her a couple years later and she's hella fat, all you can think is how much she let herself go with all those updates that changed and improved absolutely nothing. It's a sad day for H1 history.
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	399.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								The fact that this game is still so bad, even though it's been milked beyond belief and been out for 2 years or so, is actually amazing. You should by now have atleast a semi-functional game and not some broken, buggy piece of garbage.Daybreak focusing more on making new Skins instead of actually fixing their game.The skins do look cool, but does not make up for the amount of bugs and pure garbage this is.The ages it takes to open & close the game.FPS drops out of nowhere. 90+fps and down to 1 FPS for a 2-8sec1/10 Developer.3/10 Game.5/10 Skins.10/10 Airdrop explosions
Posted: February 23, 2017	2	3	None	76	205.2	Recommended	
Posted: October 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								I really enjoy this game. It has brought me many hours of fun and enjoyment. However i do not like the bugs that have come with thus new map. But it is bugs are exspected to be their, for all the people hating on the game because of major changes please just wait and see how well this game is going to be in the coming months.
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	3.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you played PUBG and you like it then H1Z1 is definitly not for u. + Optimilization is good+ you get some free crates with skins every 5 levels- Aiming with weapons is horrible, one of the worst I ever seen- you get many crates wich you can't open with game wallet and you must pay real money to open them
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	2,346.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												good game just hit your shots
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								AU servers are AIDS there is no one on them so its impossible to get ranked
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	210.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Play with friends - Own people, get ownedSeriously just buy this game, it may have it's flaws but it is one of the most entertaining games ever. If you're hesitant go watch Ninja play H1Z1 on twitch.
Posted: February 23, 2017	2	3	None	76	5.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 18
												...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	369.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2017
												devs don't know what theyre doing. just save your storage for something better.. dead game =)
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												Paid money for this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they went F2P. Whatever, garbage♥♥♥♥♥game anyways.
Posted: February 23, 2017	0	3	None	76	6.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I love to play this game with my friends, exciting and funBUT THIS GAME IS STILL A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ OFF
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	41.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								Stupid game sence [your connection is bad so u dont use any weapons have fun ]Really  
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Fix your Website FFS!
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	2.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								One of the most broken games I've ever played. SOE should be embarrassed.
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	459.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Awesome bug, I know why is on promo, dont buy this game. My brother have more bug than me like, no sound, cant move on car, stuck on the sky...Daybreak suck, if u buy this game, dont spend money on case. Dont be stupid
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	141.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is fun to watch. That's it. If you like terrible buggy games then sure, buy this. You're better off buying Playerunknown's Battlegrounds. Those developers actually listen to their players. This game is a hot pile of crap. No content updates. They just make more and more shiny items for your in game character to wear instead of fixing the game.
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	369.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2017
												devs don't know what theyre doing. just save your storage for something better.. dead game =)
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												Paid money for this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they went F2P. Whatever, garbage♥♥♥♥♥game anyways.
Posted: October 31, 2016	1	3	None	24	111.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								game is♥♥♥♥♥♥lol will never get fixed aswell
Posted: October 31, 2016	1	3	None	24	11.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								I remember following the development of the original H1Z1, which actually looked pretty decent. I saw this pop up on Humble Monthly, so I decided to try it out and was pretty disappointed. Gameplay wise, it just feels wonky and unresponsive. Nobody seems to play duos and solo just isn't easy for new players to get into. The most enjoyment I got out of this game was in the training mode.UPDATE:Apparently they just came out with a new update that added a Combat Zone. Gives people a chance to play around with the guns, and it's surprisingly more enjoyable than training mode. Mostly just stupid fun.
Posted: October 31, 2016	0	3	None	24	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Really bad don't waste your money and time on this
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	3	None	17	4.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Have 1♥♥♥♥♥♥early access game for $20? Solution: Split game into 2♥♥♥♥♥♥early access games for $20 each!
Posted: February 26, 2016	1	3	None	17	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												-rep worst gamr ifve ever playd
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	3	None	17	62.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24
												i did eveything i can do to get this game to open i havent played it for a while went to go play in after like a few month a white screen comes on my screen like its loading and then just closes and it nit running i trying to try to run as administrator and run as windows 7  nothing reinstalled it too it used to work not no more so i wouldnt recommend this game till it work so if someone got a idea how to fix let me know i wish i can just get my money back from this game
Posted: February 26, 2016	3	11	None	17	10.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 17
												stay away
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	11	None	17	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								They messed up the servers and plus now when i go to log into my MAIN account it doesnt even bother loading me into the game and just kicks me to the website saying that I am using a different account from when i bought the game (not true only have 1 account) and even tried to fix it by flowing the steps listed in support so I changed both my username and password and just guess what happened. Yup. Kicked right back to the same page saying the same crap. GG wp uninstall.
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	3	None	17	56.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
Early Access Review
								2018 and it's still in early access..?  I don't even play or like Fortnite that much but that games been out in Battle Royale mode for way less time and it's so much better imho.  H1Z1 is still fun some times but I uninstall it all the time since I just have PUBG or Fortnite instead depending on my mood.P.S. Why are they charging $5 per hoodie..  Good God.
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	3	None	17	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												terrible
Posted: February 26, 2016	2	3	None	17	2,103.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24
												no. like if you tryna torture yourself, theres a lot of better ways to do so
Posted: February 26, 2016	0	3	None	17	675.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								overall this game has ups and downs inbetween patches and stuff but at the time im writing this it has become a more enjoyable game. With that said i would prefer a refund and get pubgthe devs on h1z1 dont pay attention to what we want  for the most part.
Posted: February 26, 2016	1	3	None	17	51.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥gameBeen broken for yearseach update ♥♥♥♥s things up even more♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i want my money back
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	906.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								dying to toxic gas under the map simulator
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	23.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23
Early Access Review
								this game is still in Early Access? ROFL!
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	37.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												This game is bad, dont buy.
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	19.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												"NOW FREE TO PLAY"? THAT'S BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥..
Posted: December 4, 2016	1	3	None	46	174.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												i ♥♥♥♥ing paid for it and now its free really
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	7.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Quickly went F2P after it left early access to cash in on micro transactions after development reached release status, fraudulent business tactics.
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	29.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game but ,PUBG'' is better
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	4.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥. 
Posted: December 4, 2016	1	3	None	46	3.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												They made the game free-to-play just 10 days after the release. They had all the DLC's and everything else ready for this scam.And seriously, a 92,99€ DLC? Nah, better stay away from this "free-to-play" money-grubbing piece of garbage game (And Daybreak Game Company)
Posted: December 4, 2016	0	3	None	46	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
Early Access Review
								i hit guy 5 tiems he 1 hit me what this gane sucks
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	15.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								no
Posted: November 26, 2017	1	3	None	191	2,209.9	Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								10/10 GAME IS PERFECT
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	405.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								only way to save this game is to revert the game back to how it was in preseason 3
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	675.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								overall this game has ups and downs inbetween patches and stuff but at the time im writing this it has become a more enjoyable game. With that said i would prefer a refund and get pubgthe devs on h1z1 dont pay attention to what we want  for the most part.
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	57.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								-Buys cool survival game-H1Z1-H1Z1 has battle royal as a second gamemode, but the devs haven't finished the main game yet.-H1Z1 has loot boxes as an unfinished game. This wont end well...-H1Z1 splits to H1Z1: King of the Kill and H1Z1: Just Survive-H1Z1: King of the Kill, what was once the secondary battle royale mode, becomes the only thing the devs care about because loot boxes and money.-H1Z1:Just Survive gets pretty much no dev time so that they can continue to make what was originally a secondary gamemode.-H1Z1: Just Survive gets no longer has the H1Z1 branding. The devs hate it so much that they stripped the game of any ties to H1Z1.-H1Z1: King of the Kill, the secondary gamemode, gets rid of the King of the Kill name and rebrands to the original name of what is not Just Survive; H1Z1Honestly, When I bought H1Z1 I wanted a survival game. I played the Battle Royale a bunch but when it split I knew something was up. When they all but stopped developing Just Survive, I knew something was up. But when they took away H1Z1 from the name of Just Survive I'm not sure what the hell is going on.
Posted: November 26, 2017	1	3	None	191	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												now after i bouht it it became a free i want my money back 
Posted: November 26, 2017	1	3	None	191	1,722.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 26
												Game is awful. Dont waste your time.
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	24.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14, 2017
												Auto Royale mode it is fun to play, it is like Twisted Metal.Everything else, boring.
Posted: November 26, 2017	0	3	None	191	298.3	Recommended	
Posted: January 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								personally I enjoy playing this game but it would be better if daybreak put more time into fixing bugs instead of creating new crates
Posted: November 26, 2017	3	3	None	191	20.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 27
												I SPENT 20$ ON THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥HOLE GAME WHEN IT CAME OUT AND THE DEVS DIDNT EVEN BOTHER FIXING THE GAME NOW THEY MAKE IT FREE!?!?!?! IM DONE
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	27.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								sorry daybreak, you can't just separate the game and think that the 'mixed reviews' thing will go away.charging double for a game that was supposed to be free, having microtransactions, and having BARELY and significant content updates. ♥♥♥♥ off.
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	150.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Waited ages to get into a game and then fell through the map 11/10
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	7.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Opens game:LaunchPad was unable to connect. Please check the network connection or try again later. If the problem persists, please visit https://help.daybreakgames.com for assistance.(4-503)GG Daybreak, 10/10 GameSong dedicated to you:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0doSWS0Fj24 
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	56.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Not happy with the split, to many bad decisions and lack of content and a focus on micro transactions. 
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	930.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Garbage queue times now since the split. Greedy devs
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	38.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Over 150 hours put into game before split, sure there were bugs but the game was relatively smooth... after split, insane queue times for BR, still same bugs. glitches, and hackers, extremely laggy for no apparent reason (both KotK and Just Survive) AND they're charging people $20 per game mode. Absolutely unbelievable. Daybreak screwed up so ♥♥♥♥ing bad with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and they're losing SO many players/customers if they don't fix it. Complete waste of money as it is right now. Just a money grabbing game to ♥♥♥♥ you over
Posted: February 21, 2016	3	11	None	123	45.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								15 pounds / 20 dollers for a 'MODE' that all other games offer as a free mod or server so what's special about this i hear you  ask...There must be guns and features that are not in any of the other modes yes?... nope.. Still 2 rifles and 4 pistols.Must be really good servers and great performance yes?... Nope. Expect 5 minutes waiting times and 2 man BR's where you get into a game without your partner.If you want to play a game that offers BR, KOTH, Survival/Dayz then buy Arma 3. One time purchase (except some extra DLC content in form of the upcoming Nexus DLC - Massive TANOI map) and allows mods that offer a much better experience than this. Daybreak idea --> Copy A3/Dayz but make it more runable (Good idea) --> Make it Free To Play (Another good Idea) --> Actually Lets not make it free to play (erm ok?) --> I see people like BR so lets make more money by splitting it into two games (No.)Don't Buy this until its been released or fixed or things worthy of being added are added.I'm not angry im dissapointed.
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	69.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								is was a good game befor but the company make is  worst now i need to spend ♥♥♥♥ing  20min of  witing for a  game and die after 5 sec  so  ye dont but it its suck
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	15.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 = $$$ Gravey train for Daybreak GamesTake one game split it in half and charge full price for each half !!!!What a joke. 
Posted: February 21, 2016	0	3	None	123	17.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								No Server are aviable, i payed 20€ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I the lighting strikes you while ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Posted: March 14	0	3	None	42	35.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												For hours of lost time play this ;)
Posted: March 14	0	3	None	42	0.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												#FreeMy♥♥♥♥♥Tay-K
Posted: March 14	1	3	None	42	14.5	Recommended	
Posted: February 10
												Finally a suitable price for this game.Purchased it for the 2nd time with an 80% OFF coupon I just got on Steam.First time I've had it, is when I paid 20 bucks and I immediately regret due to being a broken game so I refunded.I think it'll soon be totally free to play, so don't spend anything for this as I did twice.
Posted: March 14	1	3	None	42	1,052.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
Early Access Review
								I hope George Soros  will one day open one of your broken♥♥♥♥♥crates and hopfully he will get a heartatack.you guys are even more terrible then the emo kids running BlueHole ... this is just a disgrace to the gaming comunity .... you guys dont have a clue how things should be working and now you are trying to bring the dead game back to life by ♥♥♥♥ing up the game mechanics  twice in one  PRESEASON !!!!!  you dont have seasons you have presesons ... well from my point of perspective ...  there will be PRESEASON 21 with 17 players playing this broken game ... stop ♥♥♥♥ing up with the game mechanics ... stick to one idea ... stop going on the  cocked up escepades where you discuss how you would make more money by brining 3 new crates in preaseson 7 ... amazing guys ... rly im very proud of you ...but yes keep making georgy boy a happy 106 y old man and bring him some more money with the new crates ... come on guys you can do this :)Edited after the game went F2Pi honestly hope with my full heart that the same guy who recomended that you should split the game into 2 games and charge them 20 €  i rly hope he is still working for you till today and he was reciving his saleries regulary :) ... this is beyond being a retard guys .... its a clear example how socity is driven by money and would  have sex with magic johnson for 10 dolars ... when you had 500 k + players you were bussy splitting the game into 2 games to make even more money ... now enjoy the cancer which you grew and has sprouted :) it's all on you guys ... :) Keep having fun wtih 15 k player peek's :) enjoy them hard as players enjoy your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crate every 2 weaks :)  GG GAMEBRAKE COMPANY :)
Posted: March 14	0	3	None	42	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17
												Don't even bother wasting your bandwidth downloading this.
Posted: March 14	0	3	None	42	675.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								overall this game has ups and downs inbetween patches and stuff but at the time im writing this it has become a more enjoyable game. With that said i would prefer a refund and get pubgthe devs on h1z1 dont pay attention to what we want  for the most part.
Posted: March 14	0	3	None	42	57.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								-Buys cool survival game-H1Z1-H1Z1 has battle royal as a second gamemode, but the devs haven't finished the main game yet.-H1Z1 has loot boxes as an unfinished game. This wont end well...-H1Z1 splits to H1Z1: King of the Kill and H1Z1: Just Survive-H1Z1: King of the Kill, what was once the secondary battle royale mode, becomes the only thing the devs care about because loot boxes and money.-H1Z1:Just Survive gets pretty much no dev time so that they can continue to make what was originally a secondary gamemode.-H1Z1: Just Survive gets no longer has the H1Z1 branding. The devs hate it so much that they stripped the game of any ties to H1Z1.-H1Z1: King of the Kill, the secondary gamemode, gets rid of the King of the Kill name and rebrands to the original name of what is not Just Survive; H1Z1Honestly, When I bought H1Z1 I wanted a survival game. I played the Battle Royale a bunch but when it split I knew something was up. When they all but stopped developing Just Survive, I knew something was up. But when they took away H1Z1 from the name of Just Survive I'm not sure what the hell is going on.
Posted: March 14	1	3	None	42	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												now after i bouht it it became a free i want my money back 
Posted: March 14	1	3	None	42	1,722.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 26
												Game is awful. Dont waste your time.
Posted: March 14	1	3	None	42	326.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								Wanted to be able to give the devs the benefit of the doubt - But the pace at which they sort out game-breaking bugs is disgustingly slow. Optimization is limited and bugs are rife. The only thing the devs seem capable of implementing into the game without any bugs or issues is the content from their pay-to-open crates!
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	3	None	228	30.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								I remember when the actual H1Z1 was a zombie survival game with battle royale as an added bonus, now this is H1Z1 to their eyes. What a shame.
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	3	None	228	214.9	Recommended	
Posted: October 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is very competitive and fast paced. This is the cool thing about tha game no campers!!!!! :)
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	3	None	228	5.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This game was 20 euro and now it's free to play, this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and It's unfair for the older players. They are desperate to bring the game back to life so they did this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing.
Posted: October 19, 2017	2	3	None	228	7.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I frickin paid for this ... now its F2P ? . ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	3	None	228	244.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												imagine buying someones♥♥♥♥♥♥only for it to be free a year later
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	3	None	228	205.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												got fps for low end, however recoil=boooooty 
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	3	None	228	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												lol its free
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	3	None	228	0.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												It is free to play (and not pay to win). It has good graphics and a big community. What more can we expect from a F2P Battle Royale ? H1Z1 is at least decent. If not better.
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	3	None	228	35.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												For hours of lost time play this ;)
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	3	None	228	0.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												#FreeMy♥♥♥♥♥Tay-K
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	17.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								No Server are aviable, i payed 20€ for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I the lighting strikes you while ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								The devs neglected countless pre-existing bugs and maganged to create even more.This "game" used to be part of a bigger game so but now the entire game is on two different programs which were created soley for the purpose of grabbing your money.The devs do not care a bit about you or the game.Please don't waste your time or money on this game.Daybreak Games needs to quickly crash and burn to make way for a legitimate, sincere video game publisher.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	408.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												just dont buy this game! go and buy PubG or Fortnite you will have way more fun. Daybreak did nothing untill PubG came out. now they just copy the ideas from PubG. so if you want a good BR game dont play H1Z1 go and play Fortnite or PubG
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	1.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												Well, I have played a few match so here is my review:Graphics and animation in this game look better than PUBGWe also have a great serverFinally: This game deserve this rate 10/10  
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! To much money for nothing, fortnite is beter and is free, if u dont have money for pubg
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	2,360.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												New name = Z1brSTAY AWAY FROM THIS CRAP GAME
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	826.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
												H1Z1, oh H1Z1...For me it was the first GOOD battle royale game.It was buggy, won't say it wasn't, but it was definitely fun.And even though I had to play it on 20FPS in the past, it was much more enjoyable than it is right now.Devs basically killed the game and now they're trying to revive it.Combat changes every month, useless POIs on map that made game much slower, not listening to community for month (now they kinda try to listen to us... or more like them, coz I gave up, but it's still not enough), adding changes that no one asked for and then they just tweet that they can't revert stuff, because f*** you.We can't even trust them...- We couldn't turn off shadows in the past - we asked them to let us do this - they said they won't do this just because - we had to glitch the game with "region switch" - they finally added option to turn them off (after few months)- We had horizontal recoil for most of the game - they changed it to vertical and for months they said that horizontal won't come back - few months later they gave us horizontal... but it was too late.I'm kinda sure I'd be able to find more examples with stuff like this (I think they said that Z1 won't come back as well and it's coming back soon), but I just cba to google/look for them on reddit.tl;drIf you really want to try this game, go for it, it is fun, but devs are awful so prepare for a big donger in your bumhole in the future, but if you're just looking for a BR game then u have 2 better (overall) titles: Fortnite and PUBG.Personally I still prefer H1 over PUBG, but numbers show that PUBG is much better.Thank you very much for everything H1Z1, but your devs killed the game.PS. Still waiting for better days, but I literally lost all of my hope... Waiting for a miracle...
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 31
												Dead game
Posted: February 23, 2016	1	3	None	136	462.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												If EA Games and Ubisoft had a baby you'd get Daybreak Games. Enough said.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	3	None	136	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 8
												Hey, where'd the real one go? :(
Posted: April 27	0	3	None	388	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 27
												bad
Posted: April 27	0	3	None	388	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 26
												Worst [censored] piece of [censored] I've ever played, after u see the shooting & recoil here u want to poke out your eyes, even [censored] pubg with its 2 hz tickrate is better, this [censored] was definitely made by junkies.DON'T buy this [censored], spend ur money on something much more better.
Posted: April 27	2	3	None	388	76.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Whatever you do. DONT buy this game!
Posted: April 27	0	3	None	388	334.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								everyone who bought this game needs a refundi have aids from this game gg gaybreak
Posted: April 27	3	3	None	388	28.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Honestly Really Fun! oh wait its free now.OH WAIT I BOUGHT IT A WEEK BEFORE IT BECAME FREE. OH NO I PLAYED FOR TO LONG. OH NO
Posted: April 27	0	3	None	388	274.8	Recommended	
Posted: December 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								I think this game is one of the best iv ever played! I love it in all ways and love the community and people you meet!I recommend this cuase it's overall a good game! It's the best "Battleroayle" i'v ever played and experienced. You can have fun with up to Five people which i think its great and every 5th level you get a free skin! I like how the game plays and how intense it gets at the end!
Posted: April 27	1	3	None	388	127.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								"FIXED"
Posted: April 27	0	3	None	388	5.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												♥♥♥♥ING STIFFED ME, I BOUGHT THE GAME IN 2016, TRIED TO PLAY, BUT I DIDNT WANT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DAYBREAK ACCOUNT, THEN ON RELEASE IT ♥♥♥♥ING GOES FREE TO PLAY, I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
Posted: April 27	0	3	None	388	30.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								I remember when the actual H1Z1 was a zombie survival game with battle royale as an added bonus, now this is H1Z1 to their eyes. What a shame.
Posted: April 27	4	11	None	388	12.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								dis is stoopid
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	10.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												arcade battle royale.
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	312.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Used to be the best Battle Royale game out there but the developers just started doing their own thing and ♥♥♥♥ed it all up. The game is dead and takes longer and longer to find lobbies, most of the time you wont get a full lobby by the time the game has started. If the developers actually listened to their die hard players this game could have a small chance, a very small chance, at making a comeback. But god knows they wont, they will just add more and more crates into the damn game to try and squeeze the rest of the money out of the players before this whole game comes to an end. ♥♥♥♥ you daybreak
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												I bought this game when it was on special. I struggled to find any decent servers with players. Loot was so repetitive it wasn't even funny, found about a dozen AK's in one location with nothing really else around.Now it's just come out of pre-access and didn't even have an update. So it's the same game it was a month ago, they just decided to claim it was now a "full game"I played it for a round before shutting it and re-opening PUBG.... By the looks of the comments, this game is dead and it sounds like it was killed by greedy and lazy developers who cared more about selling $5 hoodies than developing a playable game.
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	19.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								A friend offered me this game because he wanted someone to play with it at the time they already have screwd the game by spliting it up and relauching it like it was something *new*, it wasn't.What it realy was, as simply as i can put it a money grabber. "Hey we have a nice 20€ with a good community mode named Battle Royale, I know lets split it up in 2 games relauch both and ask 20€ for each thats seems fair, ok come you gamers expecting somethin good, you ignorant gamers that dont know how selfish we are"Worst is that the game is in Early Acess for years, yet were are the F%CKING updates? I think Daybreak lost them in the way to the studio, because its been months i have this game and it only updated once, to fix barely nothing or improve optimization, its still the same GPU/CPU eater it was months ago.To save you the trouble, just search PLAYERUNKOWN'S BATTLEGROUND on steam, if your looking for a game of this genre to wich devs actualy care about it.Wouldn't recommend it unless you got it for free, and even tho for free don't know if im sure.
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	7.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 16
												Im a potatoe 
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	6.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG is better xD
Posted: February 28	1	3	None	72	205.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												got fps for low end, however recoil=boooooty 
Posted: February 28	1	3	None	72	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												lol its free
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	0.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												It is free to play (and not pay to win). It has good graphics and a big community. What more can we expect from a F2P Battle Royale ? H1Z1 is at least decent. If not better.
Posted: February 28	0	3	None	72	35.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												For hours of lost time play this ;)
Posted: March 12	0	3	None	105	5.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												♥♥♥♥ING STIFFED ME, I BOUGHT THE GAME IN 2016, TRIED TO PLAY, BUT I DIDNT WANT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DAYBREAK ACCOUNT, THEN ON RELEASE IT ♥♥♥♥ING GOES FREE TO PLAY, I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
Posted: March 12	1	3	None	105	5.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This game was 20 euro and now it's free to play, this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and It's unfair for the older players. They are desperate to bring the game back to life so they did this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing.
Posted: March 12	2	3	None	105	7.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I frickin paid for this ... now its F2P ? . ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Posted: March 12	1	3	None	105	244.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												imagine buying someones♥♥♥♥♥♥only for it to be free a year later
Posted: March 12	1	3	None	105	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												KURVA RETKES CIGÁNY GECI JÁTÉK DÖGÖLJETEK MEG KURVA ANYÁTOKAT UTOLSÓ CIGÁNY GECIK VÁÁÁÁÁÁÁ HOGY LEHET ILYEN SZAR JÁTÉKOT CSINÁLNI? NYOMORÉK ZSIDÓ GECIK
Posted: March 12	2	3	None	105	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								wtf this game is suck i cannot playing because i stuck for click play and should download sistem      ---------------------I HATE THIS GAME --------------------------------
Posted: March 12	0	3	None	105	20.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 11
												this is a amzing gay loved it ♥♥♥♥ the negitives get it and have fun
Posted: March 12	0	3	None	105	9.2	Recommended	
Posted: September 22
												I like this game it is fun :)
Posted: March 12	2	11	None	105	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								What the ♥♥♥♥ kind of name is: "King of the Kill"
Posted: March 12	1	3	None	105	462.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												If EA Games and Ubisoft had a baby you'd get Daybreak Games. Enough said.
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	470	30.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
Product received for free
												Do you hate PUBG's realism but you still want to play a good battle royale game? Then this game is for you! Also it isn't just a battle royale game, it's also a car royale game with a new game mode Autoroyale. Unlike PUBG, this game is well optimized (even my potato with 8 GB RAM and Intel HD Graphics can run it, but because of that the graphics looks ugly but I'm ok with) and it isn't that realistic (♥♥♥♥ realism in games). I don't know why it has so many negative reviews, most of them are complaining about the amout of bugs in this, but I haven't found any bugs in this yet. Also it's now Free 2 Play, so go ahead and try this and even invite some friends with you! Btw, I owned it before it was F2P
Posted: March 11	2	3	None	470	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								wtf this game is suck i cannot playing because i stuck for click play and should download sistem      ---------------------I HATE THIS GAME --------------------------------
Posted: March 11	1	3	None	470	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												KURVA RETKES CIGÁNY GECI JÁTÉK DÖGÖLJETEK MEG KURVA ANYÁTOKAT UTOLSÓ CIGÁNY GECIK VÁÁÁÁÁÁÁ HOGY LEHET ILYEN SZAR JÁTÉKOT CSINÁLNI? NYOMORÉK ZSIDÓ GECIK
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	470	20.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 11
												this is a amzing gay loved it ♥♥♥♥ the negitives get it and have fun
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	470	9.2	Recommended	
Posted: September 22
												I like this game it is fun :)
Posted: March 11	1	3	None	470	39.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Well I really like H1Z1 I think that devs could do more with this game but still i have been really enjoying this game so farAnd Im going to Recommend this game BTW people who paid the full price of the game i feel bad for you but atleast you are not the only one who paid the full price :D
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	470	19.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								A friend offered me this game because he wanted someone to play with it at the time they already have screwd the game by spliting it up and relauching it like it was something *new*, it wasn't.What it realy was, as simply as i can put it a money grabber. "Hey we have a nice 20€ with a good community mode named Battle Royale, I know lets split it up in 2 games relauch both and ask 20€ for each thats seems fair, ok come you gamers expecting somethin good, you ignorant gamers that dont know how selfish we are"Worst is that the game is in Early Acess for years, yet were are the F%CKING updates? I think Daybreak lost them in the way to the studio, because its been months i have this game and it only updated once, to fix barely nothing or improve optimization, its still the same GPU/CPU eater it was months ago.To save you the trouble, just search PLAYERUNKOWN'S BATTLEGROUND on steam, if your looking for a game of this genre to wich devs actualy care about it.Wouldn't recommend it unless you got it for free, and even tho for free don't know if im sure.
Posted: March 11	2	11	None	470	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								What the ♥♥♥♥ kind of name is: "King of the Kill"
Posted: March 11	0	3	None	470	54.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is really good, but the amount of bugs, makes it not worth your time. The game crashes constantly for absolutely no reason and it annoyed me so much to the point I wrote this Review. The gameplay speaks for the horrible launcher though, as it's a great *Hunger games* type of game!
Posted: March 11	7	11	None	470	394.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Pretty much nothing has changed in the past 12 months. Game still crashes randomly.. still get infinite loading screen. Shotgun is still terribly RNG. Added a new spawning system where you can select where you land which leads to getting anally clapped over and over again from the back. Feels like i'm playing a bukakke simulator. Movement is terrible.. can't turn right or left without feeling like you're standing on top of a pancake with 1000000 pounds of syrup on it. I have 5000 hours on this game and the first day of the new update I've died to nothing but shotguns over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over over and over and over again. Combat style is still completely boring even after we complained about the combat.. instead of adding other ways to outplay people they only change the gun recoils. I also have been streaming for 2 hours today and I've only gotten $50 dollars in donations for playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole game which is honestly the biggest problem. That's $25 an hour for those who can't count that are reading this... that means that I'm equivalent to a ♥♥♥♥ing dental hygentist. Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? I go through the depths of ♥♥♥♥ing mordor every single ♥♥♥♥ing day waking up wanting to end it all FOR $25 D OLLARS AND HOUR HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT PLAYING THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME I BEG YOU SAVE YOURSELF AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	21.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Buy PUBG
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	251.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is actually fun when it is not getting ruined by simple bugs. The devs care more about milking more money VIA crates than fixing bugs and making their game better and more enjoyable.
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	175.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								After combat update  game is♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	744.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Great game that was ruined by Dev's Z1 was the best experince not touched it since first day of Z2
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	91.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												Now free to play WTF.....i want my money back bunch of thieving♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	15.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 26, 2017
												this game has stupid mouse acceleration and also had TERRIBLE GRAPHICS AND SHOOTING MECHAINICS. if you wanna buy this game please save your money for somethiung way better like PUBG. Edit: Or play fortnite please dont play this piece of trash
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	8.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 19
												I like it
Posted: June 30, 2017	1	3	None	159	0.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 22
												Very fun game !
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	1,610.6	Recommended	
Posted: February 25
Early Access Review
								Would be fun if they sorted out fps issues and increased visiblity
Posted: June 30, 2017	0	3	None	159	83.0	Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Awesome game... Just needs more maps.
Posted: November 22	1	3	None	149	5.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 22
												H1z1 free game
Posted: November 22	0	3	None	149	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7
												Horrible developer, completely changed the game 2 times and made the original portion of the game dead and unplayable.
Posted: November 22	1	3	None	149	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 30
												Now it's free? WTF , so basically bought from early access for what?  *am i a joke for you?
Posted: November 22	0	3	None	149	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18
												Pretty bad game not gonna lie.
Posted: November 22	6	11	None	149	121.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14
												Game for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: November 22	0	3	None	149	6.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21
												It used to be fun, when it was a survival game like it was intended to be, now its just a money grab, dont buy it
Posted: November 22	15	238	None	149	119.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is trash. very buggy and the only reason they decided to update it was because battlegrounds came out and was WAY WAY better. trust me save your money and buy battlegrounds because i regret buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.
Posted: November 22	30	38	None	149	1,525.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2017
												H1Z1 review - 03,16,2018. - everyone from around the world connects to EU, no matter how high the ping is- the chances that your bullets will just go through your oponent without hitting are like 80%- microstutters- toxic community- fps drops- dsync- cursor bug- you can't select your spawn 80/100 times- 100/100 times there's already a guy that landed and is fully looted, while everyone else just parachuted in- company doesn't give a F@CK - 1 update / month while every other BR gets patched weekly- bad optimization- loot is super random- blurry and horrible visibility- game is just not enjoyable at all anymore and will never be again+ free 2 play
Posted: November 22	9	71	None	149	33.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game will forever be not finished. i wouldnt get it unless you can get it free. at range people are stick figures and the aim is lame.
Posted: November 22	2	14	None	149	9.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 13
												i payed for this game now its free. i want my money back 
Posted: July 19, 2017	5	14	None	1,024	5.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 19, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
http://store.steampowered.com/app/578080/PLAYERUNKNOWNS_BATTLEGROUNDS/ 
Posted: July 19, 2017	11	14	None	1,024	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pros:*Gives you more of a reason to buy PUBGCons:*Lag*Long Queue Times*Hackers*Everything 1 shots*China #1*Makes you suicidal
Posted: July 19, 2017	4	14	None	1,024	1,196.1	Recommended	
Posted: May 14
												Very Good game just needs to give the community what they have been asking for for the past couple seasons 
Posted: July 19, 2017	5	14	None	1,024	83.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 5
												Game was Good
Posted: July 19, 2017	508	398	None	1,024	126.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								WhitePower is a banned name.BlackPower is not a banned name./confused
Posted: July 19, 2017	3	25	None	1,024	344.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is so bad it's unbelieveable. Broken. unresponsive.  Has potential to be great but fails time after time.
Posted: July 19, 2017	18	132	None	1,024	23.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								G29 ERROR for most people who bought this game recently. What a shame to buy a game and  to not be able to play because when you login and  press Play after   3 seconds   of seeing the cursor it closes itself and bring you to browser where you cant understand anything about the error and they dont give any solution to fix it. Really shame. DO NOT BUY IT NOW OR YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTED !
Posted: July 19, 2017	1	6	None	1,024	296.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Still horrible
Posted: July 19, 2017	0	6	None	1,024	500.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Has a DayZ feel to it. Delevopers dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥but release bad content like crates and skins. Last update they fixed 5 minor bugs while people still are able to exploit door closing and jumping to get access to otherwise unaccesable rooftops. Netcode is awful and has happened more than once where youre driving shotgun in a car and you shoot infront of your driver - Visibly a lot ahead of the driver - but still manage to hit your teammate in the face because the animation and hitbox arent in sync. Getting shot around corners is a constant threat and is just a part of the game by now.Been a long time where "pro" players were able to just prone spam and run where you'd gain an advantage of hitbox moving - Alongside♥♥♥♥♥♥netcode made this almost luck to hit someone while they were doing so. Hasnt been fixed but they said it will be fixed next patch...Shooting in vehicles again as shotgun can derp your gun and it wont reload a full mag but rather the amount you chose to reload at while in the car. Youre forced to empty the mag or either just reload to the amount before reload. Dropping and picking your gun up again will fix this but♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying.Cars randomly drop into the ground, explode or go full speed for no reason without you touching keys.The community is♥♥♥♥♥♥in solo BR. People team up and theres done nothing to prevent it. When a special event was live called Green Dawn everyone just had to accept that the last 10 players most likely were a mixed group of teamers. A patch which disabled several people in one car in these solo queues only made it more likely that they were on foot. The report key is pathetic and no action is taken. Could just aswell remove it.People load it differently. You can be shot by someone you havnt loaded in yet and they can see you but you cant see them. Only happens at long ranges though. Still stupid that players dont load in same way as cars does at range and is always present. And so on. Lots of issues, little or no action is taken to fix these. Could be the same issue with DayZ where a very small team if developers are supposed to take care of this game which a rather large fanbase which no where near covers the need. Game has potential - Not worth buying at the moment.EDIT: Bonus info after seperation and patching you now get hitmarkers!Those hitmarkers are so unreliable even the chinese would call that♥♥♥♥♥♥back from the factory.Your thirdperson camera is now so clunky it gets blocked by the flies flying around and you get the feeling of being in a badly cut south african slum movie.0/10 for effort on that patch. Atleast we can see that you killed people with a grenade now! Awesome.
Posted: July 19, 2017	0	6	None	1,024	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Garbage 101:-This Game.-For sure this game-Not to forget, this game-I will have to say, this gameUPDATE: Still, this game is garbage.
Posted: March 14, 2017	1	6	None	146	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								China No.1
Posted: March 14, 2017	1	6	None	146	636.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hit reg is awfull shotgun is broken, No matter where you are youll always get pinched by teams. Ping is a big thing in this game.
Posted: March 14, 2017	0	6	None	146	22.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								The concept of this game is very nice... but EVERYTHING else is completely♥♥♥♥♥♥This game feels like it is in an alpha or something like that, bugs here, bugs there... bugs EVERYWHERE!It takes forever to join a game and if you are finally in a game then your mates or yourself are loading forever and spawning to late or the game just crahes... oh yeah and sometime you... you just die because of an error. Oh and the matchmaking is absolutely perfect aswell... Your new to the game? well then F*CK YOU We are not gonna put you in a round with opponents who are your rank, no you just gonna get rekt by people who have 100h+ ...overall this game is just buggy as hell and it seems that you are just not allowed to have fun in this game because everyone is tryharding so ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
Posted: March 14, 2017	0	6	None	146	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Garbage 101:-This Game.-For sure this game-Not to forget, this game-I will have to say, this gameUPDATE: Still, this game is garbage.
Posted: March 14, 2017	1	6	None	146	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								good but i have 8gig ramamd 370 4gi7 7600uand 18 fps in very low settingplz fix
Posted: March 14, 2017	0	6	None	146	500.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Has a DayZ feel to it. Delevopers dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥but release bad content like crates and skins. Last update they fixed 5 minor bugs while people still are able to exploit door closing and jumping to get access to otherwise unaccesable rooftops. Netcode is awful and has happened more than once where youre driving shotgun in a car and you shoot infront of your driver - Visibly a lot ahead of the driver - but still manage to hit your teammate in the face because the animation and hitbox arent in sync. Getting shot around corners is a constant threat and is just a part of the game by now.Been a long time where "pro" players were able to just prone spam and run where you'd gain an advantage of hitbox moving - Alongside♥♥♥♥♥♥netcode made this almost luck to hit someone while they were doing so. Hasnt been fixed but they said it will be fixed next patch...Shooting in vehicles again as shotgun can derp your gun and it wont reload a full mag but rather the amount you chose to reload at while in the car. Youre forced to empty the mag or either just reload to the amount before reload. Dropping and picking your gun up again will fix this but♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying.Cars randomly drop into the ground, explode or go full speed for no reason without you touching keys.The community is♥♥♥♥♥♥in solo BR. People team up and theres done nothing to prevent it. When a special event was live called Green Dawn everyone just had to accept that the last 10 players most likely were a mixed group of teamers. A patch which disabled several people in one car in these solo queues only made it more likely that they were on foot. The report key is pathetic and no action is taken. Could just aswell remove it.People load it differently. You can be shot by someone you havnt loaded in yet and they can see you but you cant see them. Only happens at long ranges though. Still stupid that players dont load in same way as cars does at range and is always present. And so on. Lots of issues, little or no action is taken to fix these. Could be the same issue with DayZ where a very small team if developers are supposed to take care of this game which a rather large fanbase which no where near covers the need. Game has potential - Not worth buying at the moment.EDIT: Bonus info after seperation and patching you now get hitmarkers!Those hitmarkers are so unreliable even the chinese would call that♥♥♥♥♥♥back from the factory.Your thirdperson camera is now so clunky it gets blocked by the flies flying around and you get the feeling of being in a badly cut south african slum movie.0/10 for effort on that patch. Atleast we can see that you killed people with a grenade now! Awesome.
Posted: March 14, 2017	0	6	None	146	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												One of the worst games i've ever played. Weapons are both inconsistent and broken.Servers seem to be terribly done.It used to cost money, and I used to enjoy it.Since then they have made it free to play, broken the game and also made it so so so much worse.At this point I am just angry at daybreak for doing this to what was a perfectly good game.I am disapointed that it has gone free to play purely to try and compete with better games such as fortnite and PUBG.
Posted: March 14, 2017	0	6	None	146	2,078.9	Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								After the Feb. 17. 2016.  patch it is a very cool game, but still need to fix lot's of bugs! I hope we do not need to wait for it too long.
Posted: March 14, 2017	1	6	None	146	296.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Still horrible
Posted: March 14, 2017	0	6	None	146	57.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								This  game is♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												and now its free great can i get a refund now?
Posted: February 28	2	6	None	737	1,284.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Realistically the best BR game if there was no desync.Many play styles work you can play it fast pace and agro or strategy and passive. Definitely should pick this game up if you like to challenge yourself because it is one of the hardest games to compete on leader boards. If you like skins and don't have money to spend then you'll enjoy the victory crate which you get for winning and leveling up in the game, there are 75 skins you can unlock from this crate and they are all pretty dope. Grab some friends and jump in the new game mode auto-royale which is a just for fun game mode anyone can enjoy.
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just no.
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	606.3	Recommended	
Posted: October 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								Nice game. Need's work and i hate kids that they put a nagative review and say buy PUBG this game sucks and they played like 10 min
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	23.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bought this years ago, only writing a review now because I am disgusted at how bad the battle royal aspect is to this game. They need to add some sort of timer on how long it takes to get in a car and get out of a car. I was just in a battle with someone and all he was doing was getting in and out of his car trying to suprise attack me. Which he ended up doing because i had no way of knowing where the ♥♥♥♥ he was exactly cause he kept teleporting in and out of his car.Daybreak. Do something to fix your broken♥♥♥♥♥game. Its a no from me. Highly discourage this. If you want a decent battle royale game play fortnite.
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	1,124.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
												Don't play this ♥♥♥♥ing game, ♥♥♥♥ing horrible and devs are so spastic it's not even funny
Posted: February 28	1	6	None	737	197.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								poopoo
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	1,571.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								-rep BAN FOR NO REASON
Posted: February 28	0	6	None	737	94.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Went all in on a BR game and let it die. Forget this company.
Posted: February 28	1	6	None	737	8.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								so this game won't even let me play. I can play on EU servers with 150ping but its forcing me to play in asia pacific 390ping  and locking out other servers. Nice just nice.. PUBG here i come
Posted: January 22	0	6	None	68	7.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22
Early Access Review
								Absolute garbage. Played this game when it was first released, It was pure gold. Now it is literally flaming dog feces. You want cool stuff for your character? Get that wallet ready.Want to open a door or pick up loot? Press the F button 700 times.Want to play a zombie survival? Get the wallet ready yet again.You don't want to sit in lobby for very long? Sorry.You wanna have a great BR experiance? Play PUBG or Fortnite.It's garbage, do not buy this.Go play Fortnite for free or pay a semi reasonable price for PUBG. You will have much more fun times, and your finger you use to interact with loot and doors will thank you.
Posted: January 22	0	6	None	68	1,571.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								-rep BAN FOR NO REASON
Posted: January 22	4	6	None	68	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Even Payday has less cheaters than this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
Posted: January 22	0	6	None	68	211.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 17
												H1Z1 was, back when it released, a game with a  concept akin to current battle arena games, but with a focus on lon term survival. Then came the battle arena wave and it went free to play. Between its initial release and going F2P, it just spiralled downwards. There is nothing of its uniqueless left, all customers who purchased the game feel - righly so - ripped off and the developers tried to change the entire game genre mid development and kind of botched it entirely.There's literally zero reason to play this anymore, let alone waste a single second looking at it. All whch it does it does worse than any other game of the appropriate genre.
Posted: January 22	1	6	None	68	8.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												PUBG is better than that but im glad your not like dayz ♥♥♥♥ING 5 YEAR'S ALPHA
Posted: January 22	0	6	None	68	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3
Product received for free
												5 Years later this game is still so bad and developers just dont care for the survival part of the game save u`r money go play Fornite.
Posted: January 22	0	6	None	68	32.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 22
												Absolute garbage
Posted: January 22	196	61	None	68	2.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 30
												>be me>first starting>singles>inventory full of shoes>walk up to random people with proximity voice chat on>pretend to be shoe salesman>give those that accept shoes and a kind farewell>shoot those that declined in the face with a shotgun while screaming "BUY MY SHOES"11/10 would H1Z1 again
Posted: January 22	3	42	None	68	2,747.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very addicting game, quite buggy at times... alot of the times, but nothing too major to disrupt gameplay. Good game, but devs seem to choose crates/skins/money over gameplay. Ever since PUBG came out, the pressure seems to be on.
Posted: January 22	37	84	None	68	3,339.6	Recommended	
Posted: August 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game was fun and addicting for awhile, now it just makes me depressed.
Posted: March 24, 2017	2	9	None	509	36.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								h1z1 is just a bad version of battlegrounds.Playerunknowns battlegrounds is what i recommend to other battle royal players
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	9	None	509	86.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Used to have a very detailed review on the old update but ever since the newest update i've been satisfied.
Posted: March 24, 2017	1	9	None	509	736.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Terrible game dont buy, they updated the game into the grave and they are still trying to make it good again rofl
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	9	None	509	21.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								wtf daybreak you money ♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 24, 2017	1	23	None	509	153.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Save your money from this utter garbage. Blatant money grab and bugs/glitches only get "fixed" with more bugs/glitches.
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	9	None	509	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								+Fun Gametype+Big Map-Hackers-Bugs-Bad performance-Low effort presentation see loading logo-Worst pre-game lobby system ever created-Twitch chat simulator-Split a game to bring it to it's maximum effect and charge double4/10 No thank  you.
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	9	None	509	17.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												i just payed 20 euro and now its free dafuq xd
Posted: March 24, 2017	0	9	None	509	5.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Fortnite is better and free.
Posted: March 24, 2017	3	9	None	509	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												You have a better alternetive on pubg, fornite and realm royale. This is very hard to recommend.
Posted: March 24, 2017	4	43	None	509	32.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Goodbye hours
Posted: March 20	1	12	None	84	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												The game is dead. Also not enjoyable anymore.
Posted: March 20	0	12	None	84	90.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Absolute cash grab scam, don't waste your time.
Posted: March 20	0	12	None	84	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												basically this is trash.
Posted: March 20	0	12	None	84	189.1	Recommended	
Posted: August 31, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								This is a innovative game 
Posted: March 20	4	12	None	84	14.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												i want a refund, since this game is now for free
Posted: March 20	11	12	None	84	248.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Pičovina
Posted: March 20	0	12	None	84	151.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Still game is broken, they call it now full game cuz its not early access no more, but still game got more bugs, then before. DONT WASTE UR MONEY
Posted: March 20	0	12	None	84	15.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game wasn't too bad until I started playing Arma 2 DayZ Epoch mod and came back to this and found this an utter heap of sh*t. Not worth the money, pick it up on a sale if you wanna play some hunger games
Posted: March 20	0	12	None	84	8.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								I'll keep it short. First off I have had a lot of fun playing battle royale and I will recommend when they add some content.. same game for the last year and please get rid of zombies from the King of the Kill and free up servers for straight pvp. The "other" game is the zombie survival remember?Honestly not the end of the world that they split the games and going back on the free2play is no big deal either if.... THEY WOULD ADD SOME CONTENT TO THE GAME! Could be great game guys come on already and deliver something you can be proud of.
Posted: March 20	36	103	None	84	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								If battlegrounds was bad
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	15	None	84	8.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	15	None	84	38.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just buy PUBG instead of H1Z1
Posted: April 21, 2016	3	15	None	84	187.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14
Early Access Review
								Let's talk about H1Z1... I known H1Z1 from streams and it was funny to watch. So once day i decided to buy it... First 50 hours was good - Shotgun was powerful like farts when you eat too much beans √                                        - AR was more accurate than your♥♥♥♥♥♥goin down to the toilet √                                        - AK wasn't random like a chance of getting a good stuff from crates √After those magic 50 - Shotgun power was random like a chance of getting a good stuff from crates X                                   - AR got a new spray - it was the worst thing for old players, but quite better for new X                                     - AK was more accurate than your♥♥♥♥♥♥goin down to the toilet X                                   - They've added new weapon: The Legendary MP7 that is good like that                                      ♥♥♥♥♥♥that we were talking about XSo we got 3 √ on "BEFORE 50 HOURS"and we got 4 X on "AFTER 50 HOURS"I think that's simple mathematics :D (don't take it seroius please)So, DayBreak, I heard about that, the season 3,4,5 was best ;) (I started to play on 5) and I think that the community would like comeback on those seasons... Let the H1Z1 be like a Jesus (he ressurected himself, but the game can't ressurect itself, so DayBreak plz help it, thank you!)
Posted: April 21, 2016	8	21	None	84	379.8	Recommended	
Posted: July 14
												Love the game, but it had it's day
Posted: April 21, 2016	9	118	None	84	166.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Was good, then horrible updates. It is♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: the recent update was rather good and changed the game for the better and I must say it is enjoyable. I still do not recommend purely because the game it self is still a bit crap in terms of the performance and bugs. It is getting there though.EDIT: More updates comes more trash. Once again it is not worth the filth it was built on.EDIT: Biggest failure.EDIT: Pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥guns dont reload upon audio queue and players vanish and turn up behind you with a shotgun and♥♥♥♥♥♥servers that are only hosted in west coast of the US so us East coast get high ping and regardless half the games population are japsEDIT: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is so bad it makes my life look good ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ass game it will never be good at this point its more of a work of ball sack than anything PUBG is the move ♥♥♥♥ this game
Posted: April 21, 2016	13	113	None	84	177.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Broken.
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	7	None	84	74.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								Great game to play with friends.
Posted: April 21, 2016	2	19	None	84	43.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								good, poop devs tho cash grab but good
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	13	None	84	1,326.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								A very good game, it is all i play haha. Recomend as it is getting better in every update!! So fun and dosent get boring and is very tense near the end of games!!
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	4	None	84	1,389.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												H1Z1 was a good game till the devs ♥♥♥♥ed everything up , h1z1 is trash now
Posted: May 4, 2016	0	7	None	110	274.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good
Posted: May 4, 2016	0	4	None	110	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								under all kritik
Posted: May 4, 2016	0	4	None	110	13.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								sucks balls
Posted: May 4, 2016	2	7	None	110	41.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 18
												Payed for it. Then they ruined the game with bad updates from Devs.Got PUBG and played that a ton barely even touched the game ever since.Then try some Fortnite and played that a ton.Play a ton of Fortnite and PUBG.I see increase in player base I'm like "Woah". Intrested to see what happened. I ended up finding out that it was FREE and lost the money I spent down the drain.In return the "Great" company gives me and others an appreciation pack. I did not appreciate it felt like a slap to the face.Tried to get a refund but did not work. *BTW I had no clue the game would be Free.Now I'm sad and typing this review with the song Upset- By Drake playing and yeah IM FEEEELLIIIING UPSET!!!Honestly IDC, this game is dying just felt like putting this out cause I'm bored and the game actually sucks. 
Posted: May 4, 2016	5	4	None	110	16.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game, More hackers than a chinese lan party!
Posted: May 4, 2016	0	4	None	110	5.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 3
												Just doesn't stack up against the other terrific options out there.
Posted: May 4, 2016	0	4	None	110	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												Even though they made the game free, it's not enjoyable. The shooting isn't fun, customization is bland, and the game isn't free because the Devs care about the people playing it, it's free because Fortnite and PUBG are common household names by now. For H1Z1 to compete, a week after releasing the game as V 1.0, the game is then F2P. That's the least of this games problems, you'd think a game with somewhat considerable gaps between updates (most of which barely fixing the bugs and gameplay problems), consisting of mainly cosmetic content woild have interesting skins, but nope. H*ck, even the movie Foodfight has more unique and interesting characters than this. The shooting and guns are just boring and I find stealth games like Splinter Cell to have more interesting, amusing, and entertaining shooting.That's just the gameplay, there are more problems, but I don't wanna get into them.
Posted: May 4, 2016	1	4	None	110	2.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bad servers. REALLY BAD
Posted: May 4, 2016	1	7	None	110	147.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game may have its bugs and glitches, but that whats makes the game fun to. The game is in early Access so there is going to bugs and its not game breaking the bugs are maybe your car blows up for no reason or your shots don't register but that doesn't happen every game. And for people complaining about, get better at the game. I've won many games when my shots wern't registering and if I lost I play another one. The game is a super fun game. I REALLY RECCOMEND IT.
Posted: May 4, 2016	0	4	None	110	88.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Aight, first of all I like to play this game despite all the bugs-It is an exiting survival game which gives you an adrenaline rush in fight of flight situations.-It is really fun to play with friends and you can all get unique expieriences with each other.-The graphics are visually pleasing to look at.However the game has so much more potential than it is in its current state and I have faith that this can be achieved over time.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	47.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 6, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Well....Graphics : 8/10 Gameplay : 7/10 Map : 8/10Weapons : 6/10 ( -Not upgradable ) Performance : 8/10
Posted: May 6, 2017	1	4	None	291	30.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Not actually a game but a simulator. It's a bug and lag simulator.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honestly a garbage game with garbage mechanics, physics, gun play and more. Only things i'd consider good is the abundance of loot, good optimisation and nice art style. Potential buyers stay away! and buy PUBG instead :) trust me you'll like it better.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								under all kritik
Posted: May 6, 2017	5	4	None	291	16.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game, More hackers than a chinese lan party!
Posted: May 6, 2017	2	7	None	291	41.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 18
												Payed for it. Then they ruined the game with bad updates from Devs.Got PUBG and played that a ton barely even touched the game ever since.Then try some Fortnite and played that a ton.Play a ton of Fortnite and PUBG.I see increase in player base I'm like "Woah". Intrested to see what happened. I ended up finding out that it was FREE and lost the money I spent down the drain.In return the "Great" company gives me and others an appreciation pack. I did not appreciate it felt like a slap to the face.Tried to get a refund but did not work. *BTW I had no clue the game would be Free.Now I'm sad and typing this review with the song Upset- By Drake playing and yeah IM FEEEELLIIIING UPSET!!!Honestly IDC, this game is dying just felt like putting this out cause I'm bored and the game actually sucks. 
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								bad game. Unbalanced and lots of hackers
Posted: May 6, 2017	1	4	None	291	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								40 minutes to get into a match because it softlocked twice.Got killed two seconds after landing.Join another match.Get decent gear.Get shot through multiple walls.Refund.Don't waste your time/money/both.
Posted: May 6, 2017	2	7	None	291	10.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ this game, the textures aren't loading, I can't pick up any items and then a top ranked player comes and kills me with his shotgun and loots all the stuff I couldn't in peace I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game and I definitely do not recommend it at all.
Posted: May 6, 2017	1	4	None	291	19.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												H1Z1 in 2018. ResidentSleeper
Posted: February 25, 2016	0	4	None	486	18.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Battle Royale is fun, it's decent. I at least enjoyed playing it with friends and I had high hopes for the game back when it was still owned by SOE. The reason im giving this game a negative review is because H1Z1 was supposed to be F2P but instead of becoming F2P it literally became 2x more expensive, and I don't understand why on earth they would do that, because they already earn enough money through the in-game store.I highly recommend that you do NOT buy this game, nor the other H1Z1 game. Instead, try Unturned. It's a free game, and it's updated almost weekly, there was a Battle Royale style gamemode added not too long ago called Arena and it's similar to H1Z1: KotK's Battle Royale. http://store.steampowered.com/app/304930/ 
Posted: February 25, 2016	0	4	None	486	12.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								They split the game in half and charged double for it. Not worth it. I also crash every time I queue so even more of a waste of time/money. It's an ok game but nothing has been updated in like a year and a half soooo maybe wait for a sale or something
Posted: February 25, 2016	2	4	None	486	9.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								>Takes over BR game genre for a while>Puts out more updates for cosmetics than actual game>Makes tournements out of "part" of cosmetic money rather than actual sale earnings>Gives you half the original bundle for the same price>Still updates cosmetics more than game itself10/10 would buy more "30 minute developed" skins again
Posted: February 25, 2016	0	4	None	486	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								its.. OKtheres better BR out there it was fine when just Part of H1z1 as its Own thing.. i wouldnt pay for itin fact, i DIDNT, i PAID for a survival game..smh
Posted: February 25, 2016	1	4	None	486	110.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Would be nice if I could  play the game with friends but constant dc's and lobby issues prevents me. I wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
Posted: February 25, 2016	4	10	None	486	2,099.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would never recommend this game, there are so many problems
Posted: February 25, 2016	0	4	None	486	110.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Worst! you only want is money -The New Crate items/skins cannot be sold so many people open crates than to buy it cheaper-Divided the game into 2 because too many people only play KOH-Hackers Still there-I can only Describe it as♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: February 25, 2016	1	4	None	486	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								refund button works
Posted: February 25, 2016	3	7	None	486	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								One of the worst games out there...The lies that devs were spitting are all over the place..For starters, the payment was only for supporting the dev team..it was supposed to be free after the dev phase.Then they split the game into two parts..Charging more money in total.And the bugs..ohhh the lovely bugs are sitting with us and having a talk!The whole feeling of the game is crappy..Plus it's 2 years already in EARLY ACCESS!!! 
Posted: February 25, 2016	0	4	None	486	460.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								I got to top 8 today and I was pretty confident about winning the whole match. Then the game suddenly decided to lock my weapon just before an easy kill, even though I had no problems with my connection at all. 0/5. I'd never recommend anyone a game that has as many bugs as this one even if it had potential, or even if I still play it almost daily. I'm going to update my review if they ever decide to fix the game, and I think it's pretty ridiculous that it's still so buggy even after all the time Daybreak's had to develop the game.
Posted: August 27	1	4	None	368	11.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 27
												Daybreak killed their own game.FFS WHY DID I BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	47.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 6, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Well....Graphics : 8/10 Gameplay : 7/10 Map : 8/10Weapons : 6/10 ( -Not upgradable ) Performance : 8/10
Posted: August 27	1	4	None	368	30.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Not actually a game but a simulator. It's a bug and lag simulator.
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	86.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cheaters and bugs people teaming on solo im mostly on PUBG but jumped on H1Z1 here and there but sadly just unistalled the game, save your money and get something else if you like battle royale.Very bad aim system, hitreg horrendous, game is just bad compared to the competition.4/10
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								bad game. Unbalanced and lots of hackers
Posted: August 27	0	7	None	368	245.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												''Now leaving Early Access''Game died ages ago cause of lazy devs.
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	60.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very good although PUBG is taking over!
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	5.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								its poorly made and you should just spend the extra 10 on pubg or get fortnite.
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	57.4	Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG on minimum
Posted: August 27	0	4	None	368	619.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Update ruined the whole game for me 
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	304.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ok, an honest (really short) review right here!                                                                                                                                                                                                           If you can get over the bad optimization, all the bugs and glitches and as some people complain "bad hitboxes", this is overall a great game and you'll have alot fun playing it. But Daybreak, I think you should do something about all the bugs and stuff, maybe even more people will buy this game and spend money on your overpriced cases ;)BTW, you see a lot of commets that are like: "**** THIS GAME IT SUCKS AND EVERYTHING ABOUT IT SUCKS!!11!!" They are just salty people who just died at the start of the game and have to somehow vent their anger against this to them "******" game. Trust me, this game ain't bad and you'll have great fun playing it.
Posted: January 9, 2017	1	4	None	32	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								40 minutes to get into a match because it softlocked twice.Got killed two seconds after landing.Join another match.Get decent gear.Get shot through multiple walls.Refund.Don't waste your time/money/both.
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												Even though they made the game free, it's not enjoyable. The shooting isn't fun, customization is bland, and the game isn't free because the Devs care about the people playing it, it's free because Fortnite and PUBG are common household names by now. For H1Z1 to compete, a week after releasing the game as V 1.0, the game is then F2P. That's the least of this games problems, you'd think a game with somewhat considerable gaps between updates (most of which barely fixing the bugs and gameplay problems), consisting of mainly cosmetic content woild have interesting skins, but nope. H*ck, even the movie Foodfight has more unique and interesting characters than this. The shooting and guns are just boring and I find stealth games like Splinter Cell to have more interesting, amusing, and entertaining shooting.That's just the gameplay, there are more problems, but I don't wanna get into them.
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	1.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game have potential to be an Awesome game even more than PUBG, developers still need to put their strength  in this game. Good Luck H1Z1.....
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	243.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								dont buy this game, buy playeruknownsbattleground its so much better at everything.
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	381.6	Recommended	
Posted: September 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 Used to be a great BR game but the devs never care about what the game community think/need ,there's some annoying bugs, unwanted skins(a lot of them),optimization issues etc. but it's still fun to play with friends,instead of working on crates and more crates devs MUST listen to their community since kotk is losing players every single day! If you have friends to play it then buy on sale,it's still worth! If you're looking for a game to camp go play pubg,that's it.
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	566.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Trash game, Dev team should probably neck, might have already not sure. :)
Posted: January 9, 2017	967295	44	None	32	505.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Are you sick and tired of failed suicide attempts? Well do I have a product for you!!!! This game is a guaranteed way to rid the world of your problems. No more bullets to the brain or severe rope burns around your neck. Spend a few hours on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and it will have your blood boiling and your stress levels climbing. It will produce a heart attack to end all heart attacks. As someone who values their life I am giving this♥♥♥♥♥♥imitation of a "functioning" video game a thumbs down. I do not recommend it. Looking for reasons? Visit the kotk subreddit and see for yourself.  
Posted: January 9, 2017	1	4	None	32	19.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												H1Z1 in 2018. ResidentSleeper
Posted: January 9, 2017	0	4	None	32	29.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I paid for this game which is now free. I didn't get any bonus content for this and the refund is not possible.I've been so scammed...
Posted: July 3	1	4	None	25	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3
												i paid 70 ♥♥♥♥ing euros and now this♥♥♥♥♥♥is free, i want my money back
Posted: July 3	0	4	None	25	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												horrible the skill gap between old players and good ones  is just wayyy to big it makes it a bad experience for new players
Posted: July 3	2	7	None	25	62.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dosen't Run Good on 2013 hardware
Posted: July 3	0	4	None	25	28.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								id have more fun playing with my dog's♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: July 3	5	4	None	25	26.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realised what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway
Posted: July 3	0	4	None	25	78.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Cash, Grab.
Posted: July 3	1	4	None	25	268.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								the only game I play besides cs
Posted: July 3	0	4	None	25	25.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Yeah, if you dont want to give yourself hours of hard headache, dont buy this game. The support is sh*t, i cannot play my own game, because of the error messages. No official fix for the "LaunchPad was unable to connect. " error. And as i see not a little amount of ppl got this too, so probably the game is broken not our pc. 1 word like 100. this game was playable before the game separate, but now this game not worth than 2 euros.
Posted: July 3	0	4	None	25	20.0	Recommended	
Posted: September 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								It gud game but it can be hard game when you die cos that make it not gud game but if you live then game is gud but PUBG is supposed to be gud and gudder than this so get PUBG becos this game is hard and make it not gud
Posted: July 3	1	4	None	25	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								40 minutes to get into a match because it softlocked twice.Got killed two seconds after landing.Join another match.Get decent gear.Get shot through multiple walls.Refund.Don't waste your time/money/both.
Posted: April 18, 2017	4	4	None	78	911.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is trash, it's so buggy it makes me sick, the devs don't care about their own game and are watching it die as people quit this pile of♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	78	167.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Though the game is in Alpha, it is fun. However, the biggest problems I have is that there are way too many people for how small the map is. Sometimes you parachute in and die immediately. Thats what kills the game for me.
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	78	632.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								pre good game
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	78	33.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 26
												Want my money back :P
Posted: April 18, 2017	2	4	None	78	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												I feel like a jew in this game
Posted: April 18, 2017	1	4	None	78	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								40 minutes to get into a match because it softlocked twice.Got killed two seconds after landing.Join another match.Get decent gear.Get shot through multiple walls.Refund.Don't waste your time/money/both.
Posted: April 18, 2017	4	10	None	78	64.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								锁中国ip，还在中国区卖，这种属于欺诈行为，反正不论什么时候 China永远 No.1。 打的不是游戏，red army不是一个团队而是一种精神，为什么杀老外因为锁中国ip还在中国区售卖，干死老外让这游戏去死吧！！！red army 组织者直播间地址：https://www.douyu.com/70231，貌似现在已经不锁中国ip了。...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	78	54.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is bad and soo broken
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	78	34.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												this game should die
Posted: April 18, 2017	1	4	None	78	1,233.6	Recommended	
Posted: August 10, 2017
 H1Z1: King of the Kill  3rd Review Posted: 13 June 2018I'm updating it once again because of the low player base====<Graphics>====☐ Gorgeous☐ Beautiful☐ Good☑  Fine☐ Working☐ Fail☐ Disgusting☐ MS Paint====<Gameplay>====☐ Addicting☐ Extremely Good☐ Good☑  Ok☐ Boring☐ Bad☐ Fail====<Players>====☐ Kids☐ Teens☐ Adults☑ Everyone====<Audio>====☐ Masterpiece☐ Extremely Good☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☑ Bad☐ Earrape====<Difficulty>====☐ Dark Souls☐ Difficult☐ Not Easy☑ Easy☐ Super Easy☐ Grandpa☐ New Born====<Skillgap>====☐ High☐ Medium☑ Low☐ None====<PC>==== ☑  NASA Supercomputer☐ Rich Af☐ Good☐ Ok☐ Bad☐ 1990☐ Wood====<Grind>====☑ OnlyGrind☐ Grinder☐ Half Grinding☐ Can be Grindy☐ Average☐ Almost no Grinding☐ Nothing====<Price>====☐ Buy it!☐ Worth the price☐ Wait for Sale☐ If you have leftovers☐ Not Worth the price☐ Too Much☑ Free====<Story>====☐ Masterpiece☐ Super Good☐ Good☐ Average☐ Not Good☐ Is Something I Guess ☑ Doesn't have====<Length>====☑ Space and Time☐ Long☐ Average☐ Depends☐ Short☐ Too Short====<Bugs>====☐ Ruining the game☑ Sometimes Annoying☐ Some Bugs ☐ Almost no Bugs☐ None====<Salt Level>====☑ Salt Storage☐ Salty☐ Some Salt☐ Normal☐ Almost None☐ None====<Multiplayer>====☐ Awesome☑ It's Good☐ Bad☐ Garbage☐ None====<Playerbase>====☐ High☐ Medium☐  Low☑ DeadI don't really know if I still recommend it. I'll wait for Z1 before I change it. Giving it a chance!  2nd Review  Posted: 13 March 2018, 7 months after the last one.I'm updating it because of the game going free-to-play and out of Early Access. Backstory: I bought this game for €19.99 in  January 27, 2017( Pre-Season 3)  and I currently have  1011 hrs.  So I'm a "trustworthy" reviewer and I'm not BIASED. H1Z1 is my first ever PC game as I was previously an Xbox gamer. The reason I went all the way to buy a $2000 PC (First PC btw) was so I could play with all my friends and H1Z1 was the $HIT back then :) Okay, let's start with the review.  Is this game good?  I think so. This game has definitely come a long way and improved internally, unfortunately, it has lost a lot of its player base. When I did my review 7 months ago it peaked at 140.000 players, now it's 41.000 and only because it went F2P. Right before that, it was 8.000. I hope this game will survive.. It's really apart of me by now. The reason the game was dying... Well, Daybreak did their biggest mistake ever, releasing  the Combat Update  [www.h1z1.com] and long story short. It ruined the game and what made it H1Z1, but now it's back to its glory IMO.So? Should you download and play this game?Why not? It's free :) Nah, seriously you should. If you can handle getting killed a lot in the beginning, rage and frustration then absolutely. H1Z1 IS VERY FUN when you win games, kill other players etc. Anyways let's start with the cons and pros. Cons: Desync, the shotgun currently and the toxic player base.Pros: Great gun mechanics, very skill, fast pace, amazing driving mechanics, third/first person and it's very rewarding mentally. Final verdict.8/10Do I recommend it? Yes, I do.Hope to see you in Fort Destiny :) h1] Header text    [/h1] 1st Review  Posted: 10 August 2017 H1Z1: King of the Kill  Okay so is this game good?hmmm no not reallyIs it addicting?YESShould you spend your money on this game?It depends.. If you can handle rage and frustration sure. The game can be fun at times like when you win games, kill ppl etc. But the shotgun... oooh the shotgun is trash. Let's start off with the cons because that's the easiest one to do. Cons: Hit Registration, Desync, THE SHOTGUN, a lot of bugs and glitches.Pros: Enjoyable when it works. More specific huh? well if you like third person shooters then this is your game I guess.Final verdict...If you got the money sure but I would say wait until the combat update which is in a couple of weeks to see if daybreak doesn't mess up.6/10Do I recommend it? No not in its current state BUT I will be updating this review in the future.The rating might be too low but the flaws are too big and it's really a daybreaker (deal breaker) haha see what I did there xD. This game has potential but it will die if Daybreak doesn't start fixing this game. PUBG will destroy the game and the community, a lot of pro and amateur players already moved on to PUBG.
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	449.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ok first of all, this game is a great game overall- but theres a catch. Feel free to call me "♥♥♥♥♥y" or whatever, but theres quite a bit of rotten eggs that make the community actual dog cancer, and so many "omG PubG Is So GouDa you SohuLD Get IT inStead of h1z!" I don't personally own PUBG so I am no one to talk &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; about it or call it equal to h1z1 beside content wise.One main problem is the H1Z1 Development team listens to the problems with the game, you may not realise it but its happening. Your making them chase their own tail i.e The whole shotgun mishap- It was never broken it has to be used properlyOverall the game is great to buy if you have the time to invest and practice and the motivation, as with the competitor PUBG made by the same company has MANY differences and MANY similaritesPlayerunknown :)
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								buy this game if you want to wait then get killed cuz you got a bad spawn then wait 10 more minutes cuz there are only 2 F***ing  servers
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	9.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just get PUBG. This game is embarrassingly unpolished, and it seems to not be getting any better.  This is an alpha build of course, but still, come on H1Z1.
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	6.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Give me my money back
Posted: May 31, 2017	1	4	None	14	520.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								gg
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	38.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 16
												I paid this for RM38,and now u said this is free??nice one H1Z1,this is why PUBG more better,refund my money back,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game,you guys make this game early access is ok,but now u say it was free now? nice job
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Do yourself a favor and stay away from anything developed by Daybreak..
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	39.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								Focus on fixing the game bugs instead of making more paying chests ♥♥♥♥ing greedy devs
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	2,310.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												This is the most fun/most skillful BR there is. Hands down. There is a learning curve, no doubt to that. But to those who are able to put the time in, you will be rewarded. And boy does it feel good. I have played this game non-stop the past year, the game has had its ups and downs, to be real. But the most recent update/release out of EA has really given me hope for the game. Rewards for playing/winning, Auto Royale, the new scoring system, lots of new and exciting things that only make me find myself wanting to invest more hours into this game. If you haven't tried this game before, I very much recommend you give it a shot. It is the most intense and true to the sense of the word 'battle royale' game there is out there in the genre. To those who left and haven't given it another shot, I seriously implore you to give it another go. You may be surprised to find yourself having a good bit of fun, along with myself and the other die hards of this game who love and support it daily.
Posted: May 31, 2017	0	4	None	14	9.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 1
												I purely started playing after the game was free and only played auto royale. It was fun when it lasted... player community died after a month, battle royale is boring.Unless they come with something original, this game should be removed from steam tbh.
Posted: January 3, 2017	0	4	None	57	26.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3, 2017
Early Access Review
Waste of money. 99% time i spend in menu cuz of bugs ingame or problems with login.Sometimes i cannot change weapons or inventory doesn't show etc. It looks like Alpha tests not pay beta.
Posted: January 3, 2017	0	4	None	57	957.5	Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥
Posted: January 3, 2017	0	4	None	57	85.0	Recommended	
Posted: May 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Its a pretty good game. If you have the extra $10 i would buy PlayerUnknowns BattleGrounds. Its just a better, more professional version of this game. This game has 3 main guns. AR, AK, and a shotgun. PUBG has WAY more guns, PUBG also has acogs, red dots, silencers stocks. More rifles, Better Visuals, And one VERY IMPORTANT thing that this game does not have. ANTIALIASING. Games like this REQUIRE antialiasing. You just cant see far distances at 1080p. You probably woulnt need AA if you have say a 1440p or 4k monitor. But for 1080p, you can barely tell if its a person or a freaking tree stump. H1Z1 is also really buggy, you can get stuck in corners forever, and you die by gas. TBH I probably wouldn't have even bought this game if my other friends didn't have it. I would have strait up bought PUBG. Like I said earlier, its a higher quality version of this game. With more Gameplay. Mainly cause in H1Z1 you end up using the same exact same gun every game.
Posted: January 3, 2017	0	4	None	57	81.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
												♥♥♥♥ed over everyone that paid for the game, and gave them nothing back, expect from 10 crates and a bunch of worthless crap, all the stuff you get from the crates you cant even sell.FREE TO PLAY AND STILL SUCKSNEVER BUY A DAYBREAK GAMELAZY DEVS, SCAM OF A GAME, £90 DLC WTFFORTNITE AND PUBG ARE FAR BETTERGame is TALIORED AROUND LONG TERM VETS which are its only player baseUnenjoyable and♥♥♥♥♥♥ DONT WASTE YOUR TIME even if it is free now, WASTE OF SPACE ON YOUR PC, AND WILL BRING YOU MORE PAIN THAN JOY.
Posted: January 3, 2017	0	4	None	57	435.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Daybreak developers run another game into the ground. Every fix adds two bugs. All Daybreak provided ETAs/ETRs are wildly inaccurate. The potential for this game was out of this universe.Play Player Unknown Battlegrounds instead.
Posted: January 3, 2017	1	4	None	57	66.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								So i played this game alot, got 2 expensive♥♥♥♥♥skins, sold them, bought Player Unknown Battleground.Havent played this game since :)
Posted: January 3, 2017	1	4	None	57	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								..................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: January 3, 2017	1	4	None	57	579.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Will you become the new King of the Kill, well that answer will most likely be no, you'll get rekt by people trying to run you over or crazy dressed clowns jumpshotting you.Its up to you.
Posted: January 3, 2017	0	4	None	57	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								>Be me >Skeptical about the bugs, >Bought the game on sale>How bad can it be?>Made an account>Error, not verified account (already verified)>Maybe i was unlucky>Finally able to get in the game>Create character >Crashes>Nani.jpg>Get back in the game, managed to get past the loading screen>Trying to join a game>20 minutes on loading screen>Restart>Tried again, no result>Sigh.jpg>Verified game files>Tried once again>Finally joined a game>Get instantly killed >♥♥♥♥ing kek>Next match>Killed a guy>Game crashes>Proceed to uninstall>Asked for a refund>Based Steam support gives me my money back>Will get PlayerUnknownBattlegroundsTl;dr, wasted 80 minutes trying to get in a match, just to play 2 minutes
Posted: January 3, 2017	1	4	None	57	1,531.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								This is a very skill based competitive game with alot of action in it. If your new i'd recommend this game as it will make you a better player overtime rather than PUBG. PUBG is a slow paced game that wont teach you much regardless. so far its come to my realisation that people that enjoy PUBG are low experience/low skilled players. Do yourself a favour and gets this game if your thinking between the two :)
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	205.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								My current opinion and review on H1Z1Note: I only have 150~ hours played on this game (while this review has been made), I don't know all the advanced things that other players may know!Note 2: I will update this review as much as possible throughout my H1Z1 experience.H1Z1: King of the Kill was very confusing at first for me since I'm a Counter-Strike / MOBA player, but the basics are pretty easy to get a hand off but may be hard to master. H1Z1 is still very fun for me because I've never played a Battle Royale. H1Z1 is fast at the start and starts getting slower, which is good in my opinion because it allows you to differ your playstyle throughout your whole match, maybe from Passive to Agressive, Agressive the whole game, Passive the whole game, Challenge every player you see or just try and have fun killing people and see how far you can go!Here are my pros and cons about H1Z1: King of the Kill.Pros:- Fun guns, balanced too (except the Shotgun, that thing makes no sense)- Movement is easy to get a hand off- Good crosshair diversity- Hitmarkers are very easy to see and sounds are good (except Footsteps)- Driving isn't hard- UI is big enough to see everything you want- Fast-ish pace, slows down late game.- Challenging to win, it's not super easy.Cons:- Buggy inventory- Hitreg is screwed- Shotgun is really weird, especially with the hitreg.- Desync- Server Issues- Games ruined by teamers / chinese people that lag in NA servers. (Only NA, EU doesn't have this. EU only has teamers.)- Crouch SpammingExtras:- Gas should definitely become faster, it's way too slow, you usually only have 50 people left in the 1st safe zone, and the 1st safe zone is fricking massive.,- Safe Zones should become smaller earlier on.- Fix your stupid hipfire, it literally has no inaccuracy.I recommend this game, bugs can always be fixed, same with server issues, desync and hitreg. If you don't mind bugs then be sure to pick up this game!
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	389.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game started off with good intentions, but every patch tends to releasesnew bugs, the old bugs rarely get fixed, instead they just bring out some new crate full of skins that you pay to unlock.If you have friends to play this game with, it can be fun as the pvp isnt that bad providing:-There are no hackers in game-You or your team mates dont randomly die to bugs-You have a decent spawn to get lootDuring game "lobby" where everybody joins waiting to parachute into game, its a constant microphone spam fest, people  running around shouting, making noises or just playing music so loud its distorted.If you decided to play this game solo and you are new to the game, you probably will die within the first min of landing in the map making it hard for you to learn how to play the game.I bought this game in jan 2015 pre split, so my game time is probably nearer 800 hours experience. Currently , I do not recommend this game as it has turned more into a pay to dress game and as im sure many other people agree, the devs care more about cashing money from gimmicks such as skins and splitting the game so they can charge twice the amount for the same game but different modes, than actually fixing problems or listening to the community.
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	28.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								id have more fun playing with my dog's♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	78.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Cash, Grab.
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	3,955.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								it's a good game
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
Early Access Review
								veri gey gaem dont buye
Posted: April 18, 2017	5	4	None	79	26.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realised what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway
Posted: April 18, 2017	1	4	None	79	138.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's kinda sad to see how bad this game eventually turned out to be, I got it once it came out on steam and it was one of my favorite games to play. Ever since the big map update the game has just continued to go downhill in terms of the community and overall gameplay. The most recent ♥♥♥♥up imo was the combat update where they literally removed bullet drop and now the game is just unplayable. Kinda sad to see something that had so much potential and was once the biggest game on twitch get overshadowed by a game that just came out this year. The game still is early access and alot can be improved, so I still have some faith that daybreak makes things right.Fix the combat system and make it realistic, then we'll see.
Posted: April 18, 2017	0	4	None	79	25.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Yeah, if you dont want to give yourself hours of hard headache, dont buy this game. The support is sh*t, i cannot play my own game, because of the error messages. No official fix for the "LaunchPad was unable to connect. " error. And as i see not a little amount of ppl got this too, so probably the game is broken not our pc. 1 word like 100. this game was playable before the game separate, but now this game not worth than 2 euros.
Posted: April 18, 2017	2	4	None	79	153.3	Recommended	
Posted: October 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best survival game ever 11/10
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	47.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 6, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Well....Graphics : 8/10 Gameplay : 7/10 Map : 8/10Weapons : 6/10 ( -Not upgradable ) Performance : 8/10
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	86.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cheaters and bugs people teaming on solo im mostly on PUBG but jumped on H1Z1 here and there but sadly just unistalled the game, save your money and get something else if you like battle royale.Very bad aim system, hitreg horrendous, game is just bad compared to the competition.4/10
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												Even though they made the game free, it's not enjoyable. The shooting isn't fun, customization is bland, and the game isn't free because the Devs care about the people playing it, it's free because Fortnite and PUBG are common household names by now. For H1Z1 to compete, a week after releasing the game as V 1.0, the game is then F2P. That's the least of this games problems, you'd think a game with somewhat considerable gaps between updates (most of which barely fixing the bugs and gameplay problems), consisting of mainly cosmetic content woild have interesting skins, but nope. H*ck, even the movie Foodfight has more unique and interesting characters than this. The shooting and guns are just boring and I find stealth games like Splinter Cell to have more interesting, amusing, and entertaining shooting.That's just the gameplay, there are more problems, but I don't wanna get into them.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	25.0	Recommended	
Posted: August 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								i like bananas
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	60.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very good although PUBG is taking over!
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honestly a garbage game with garbage mechanics, physics, gun play and more. Only things i'd consider good is the abundance of loot, good optimisation and nice art style. Potential buyers stay away! and buy PUBG instead :) trust me you'll like it better.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								bad game. Unbalanced and lots of hackers
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	5.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								its poorly made and you should just spend the extra 10 on pubg or get fortnite.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	7	None	291	245.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												''Now leaving Early Access''Game died ages ago cause of lazy devs.
Posted: May 6, 2017	0	4	None	291	57.4	Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBG on minimum
Posted: April 4	0	4	None	333	2.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												I remember when this game first started in early access. Was ment to be this fantastic zombie sandbox game full of really great ideas and fun game designs and modes to do. Now let's cut it to today and what this game is. They removed everything zombie about it, (should honestly change it's name because of that but oh well) and became what was the start of a battle royale games. They stopped with these ideas that they wanted to do and started to look at the fans purely for money now. The games even currently with their loading screens show these fancy outfits trying to taunt you to buy their stuff. Lootbox system is also greatly disapointing. Even though it's purely cosmetic I dislike it especially when the game WASN'T free to play when it finally got out of early access. Now let's talk about combat. Lordie the combat on this game. Everytime I get in a shootout with someone when I'm in the advantage they can just turn around and one shot me and I have no chance to retaliate or fight back strategically. I even try to be stealthy and yet somehow they still know where I'm at and just kill me instantly. It's nothing but "shoot at eachother til the health goes zero congrats you win move on" Kind of deal. Also from what I was told the hacking and this game is still around with nothing being done about it souring the game even more. China numbah 1 I guess now and forever until this game dies after it never staying true to what it even started it to be and becoming this sad free to play sack of crap.My last note to this. There are better battle royale free to play games out there. Just play those, at least you won't get disapointed by them and they ACTUALLY stay with what they want to design. If anything please don't bother buying anything in this game. even if you wanted anything alot of the cosmetics are so flashy you can be seen a mile away so prepare to get shot in the face alot when wearing a shiny helmet
Posted: April 4	0	4	None	333	304.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ok, an honest (really short) review right here!                                                                                                                                                                                                           If you can get over the bad optimization, all the bugs and glitches and as some people complain "bad hitboxes", this is overall a great game and you'll have alot fun playing it. But Daybreak, I think you should do something about all the bugs and stuff, maybe even more people will buy this game and spend money on your overpriced cases ;)BTW, you see a lot of commets that are like: "**** THIS GAME IT SUCKS AND EVERYTHING ABOUT IT SUCKS!!11!!" They are just salty people who just died at the start of the game and have to somehow vent their anger against this to them "******" game. Trust me, this game ain't bad and you'll have great fun playing it.
Posted: April 4	1	4	None	333	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3
												i paid 70 ♥♥♥♥ing euros and now this♥♥♥♥♥♥is free, i want my money back
Posted: April 4	0	4	None	333	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												horrible the skill gap between old players and good ones  is just wayyy to big it makes it a bad experience for new players
Posted: April 4	2	4	None	333	153.3	Recommended	
Posted: October 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best survival game ever 11/10
Posted: April 4	0	4	None	333	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												Just honestly awful haha Don't download this, does not compete with PUBG, Fortnite, Realm Royale or ROE.Uninstall immediately!
Posted: April 4	0	4	None	333	96.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 6
												Garbage cash grab, that is all this is, this company is embarrassingly bad at making games, it started with H1Z1 which is now called just survive, they then made a battle royale mode for what was essentially a survival game to potentially rival Dayz (Not difficult) but they then realised most gamers are as thick as sh*t and will♥♥♥♥♥♥away hundreds/thousands of pounds on skins, this realisation killed H1Z1/Just Survive and both games have been a stinking pile of dogs mess since, avoid like the plague unless you are one of the sheep with more money than brain cells.
Posted: April 4	6	4	None	333	126.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												Do u know the mean of  "China No.1 "?
Posted: April 4	1	4	None	333	357.8	Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Personally I do enjoy this game and while this game certainly does have its ups and downs, I am not here to praise or criticize this game. I am here to offer a phenomenal 4 Cheese Ravioli recipe!Here are the ingredients you will need!Ravioli Dough: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoons water.Ravioli Filling: 1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese, 1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup provolone cheese, shredded, 1 egg, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried parsley.Pesto-Alfredo Cream Sauce: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons prepared basil pesto sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce.1. Mound the flour and salt together on a work surface and form a well. Beat the teaspoon of olive oil, 2 eggs, and water in a bowl. Pour half the egg mixture into the well. Begin mixing the egg with the flour with one hand; use your other hand to keep the flour mound steady. Add the remaining egg mixture and knead to form a dough.2. Knead the dough until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes; add more flour if the dough is too sticky. Form the dough into a ball and wrap tightly with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.3. While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling. Combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, egg, and parsley and mix well. Set the filling aside.4. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic and pesto sauce and cook for one minute. Pour in the heavy cream, raise the heat to high, and bring the sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the Parmesan cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.5. Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, warm the marinara sauce over medium-low heat.6. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat the egg with the tablespoon of water to make the egg wash.7. Roll out the pasta dough into thin sheets no thicker than a nickel. To assemble the ravioli, brush the egg wash over a sheet of pasta. Drop the filling mixture on the dough by teaspoonfuls about one inch apart. Cover the filling with the top sheet of pasta, pressing out the air from around each portion of filling. Press firmly around the filling to seal. Cut into individual ravioli with a knife or pizza cutter. Seal the edges.8. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the ravioli, and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 8 minutes. Drain well.9. Grease a baking sheet. Place the cooked ravioli on the sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven until brown, about 4 minutes.10. To serve the ravioli, divide them among four warmed serving bowls. Drizzle the marinara sauce over the ravioli and then top with the cream sauce.
Posted: April 4	0	4	None	333	539.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								good game very nice!!!
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	4	None	25	100.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is so bad. It crashes 9/10 games, charges a ton for microtransactions, has so many glitches. Wait for Battleground and buy that.
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	4	None	25	350.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								ALL Chinese, ALL Cheaters.Daybreak seems to accept cheat tools.Goodbye h1z1 "KotK". It "was" just good game. 
Posted: March 20, 2017	1	4	None	25	250.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1
												give me my 20 dollars back 
Posted: March 20, 2017	1	4	None	25	400.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 7
												your ♥♥♥♥ing updates ruined a decent game you piece of ♥♥♥♥♥ .... daybreak stop making games,...
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	4	None	25	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												game is trash, devs are same
Posted: March 20, 2017	1	4	None	25	228.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is great to have when you want to play with friends but then you instantly realize your mistakes when you do. It's fun when you win of course, but that will never happen unless you are experienced with the best aim of all time. Now if you are into stealthy games, you may like just sitting and hiding until a 1v1 situation, but that is so goddamn boring because the matches are usually 20-40 minutes if you get far in.Firstly, they recently changed the shotgun. They made the shot a consistent circle so the shot is always the same pattern, unlike before where the shotgun was a literal 12 gauge shotgun with somewhat random spread. The shotgun tends to randomly kill someone through armor, and then sometimes proceeds to take 4 shots after armor, make it completely inconsistant. I get killed from medium distance with 3 shots from a shotgun sometimes when I have an ar, even when I have a laminated vest. For some reason, it is better to shoot at the legs of the enemy instead of the chest or stomach because that basically guarentees a 1 shot kill most of the time. Please make a shotgun that uses a slug if you want to make a long range shotgun daybreak. Secondly, the game tends to glitch out in menu screens and loading screens. Sometimes the game won't load in after sitting for 1-2 minutes even though it should take 30-1 minutes, meaning you have to then restart the entire game and load again. If you click the spectate button and exit out, then the game has a 99% chance of being stuck on the loading screen. These glitches have been in the game for literally months (or maybe even much more) yet daybreak is  inefficient when they try to fix things most of the time. There is also the hitreg issues and lag issues where shots sometimes go through people or people hit your helmet off 1 second after you are behind cover. Cars tend to randomly explode when running into certain objects for some goddamn reason. There is also the battleeye "anti-cheat" system, that literally has no effect on stopping cheaters from entering the game. There is a report button that you can use, but they probably won't ever get banned. If you play this game, be warned that you will definitely find every single types of hacks, even ones I haven't seen before where they can go below the ground and shoot you from under. There are speed hackers, aim hackers, literally everything. If you were to get hacks right now I guarentee you will not get caught (unless for some reason they end up actually doing their jobs). So there are like literally 6 guns in this game (no attachments), and only 2 of them are useful late game and are the only used guns. Now there are 2 bows that can be used with explosive arrows to deal massive damage, but guess what, explosive arrows may not kill even if you stick it on them. The AR15 and 12 Gauge Shotgun are the most used guns, and there is no variety to the guns. Now moving onto the cars, the ATV and Police Car are the fastest vehicles in the game compared to the jeep and truck. When you parachute from the sky, you may want to get a car and will lean toward the closest or best car near you, but be wary that there are usually 1 or 2 other guys with you. Now, sometimes you can land on top of the car and die from environmental damage, and other times you will leave freely. If you are going to shotgun rush somebody with a car, there is a slight chance that you will get launched further than where you got out of the car (potentially taking more than 50 damage of fall damage) screwing that push completely. One frustrating thing about these cars is the 35 health rule, where if the car is under 35 health, it cannot use its nitrous and loses its complete viability. You may as well ditch the car if you know people are near you, and it is really annoying when you need to escape. H1Z1 is sometimes fun when you play with friends, and there are definitely funny moments that occur, but 80% of the time you hate the game and want to uninstall it, but then proceed to play another game realizing your mistakes. There is a reason why other players have moved to a better built game called Playerunkown's Battlegrounds, which has been out for 3 months since this review. I have tried to launch Battlegrounds when I bought it, but for some reason it wouldn't launch so be careful. There are some dedicated H1 streamers like stormen who is a god at the game and two taps all the time, but if you are not skilled enough, you will die really easily to a pro royalty player or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I recommend Battlegrounds, the game that most old H1 players currently play, and it is a great party game to play with your friends. I hope this review influenced you to change your mind on wasting this money on this poorly built game, and please go buy something more useful.
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	4	None	25	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												Nooooooooooo, don't waste your time
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	4	None	25	17.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								microtransactions at their best
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	4	None	25	1,389.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28
												H1Z1 was a good game till the devs ♥♥♥♥ed everything up , h1z1 is trash now
Posted: March 20, 2017	0	7	None	25	274.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good
Posted: July 4	1	4	None	738	35.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4
												♥♥♥♥ off daybreak i want my money back
Posted: July 4	4	4	None	738	1,136.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								Sh*T GAME!!!!!!! DONT F***ing buy this sh*t.
Posted: July 4	0	4	None	738	189.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								希望黎明能及时封禁外挂
Posted: July 4	1	4	None	738	23.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												I'm pretty sure if this game came out a few years ago, it would've been pretty popular. It just seems outdated compared to the other battle royale games.
Posted: July 4	0	4	None	738	18.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Battle Royale is fun, it's decent. I at least enjoyed playing it with friends and I had high hopes for the game back when it was still owned by SOE. The reason im giving this game a negative review is because H1Z1 was supposed to be F2P but instead of becoming F2P it literally became 2x more expensive, and I don't understand why on earth they would do that, because they already earn enough money through the in-game store.I highly recommend that you do NOT buy this game, nor the other H1Z1 game. Instead, try Unturned. It's a free game, and it's updated almost weekly, there was a Battle Royale style gamemode added not too long ago called Arena and it's similar to H1Z1: KotK's Battle Royale. http://store.steampowered.com/app/304930/ 
Posted: July 4	0	4	None	738	12.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								They split the game in half and charged double for it. Not worth it. I also crash every time I queue so even more of a waste of time/money. It's an ok game but nothing has been updated in like a year and a half soooo maybe wait for a sale or something
Posted: July 4	2	4	None	738	9.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								>Takes over BR game genre for a while>Puts out more updates for cosmetics than actual game>Makes tournements out of "part" of cosmetic money rather than actual sale earnings>Gives you half the original bundle for the same price>Still updates cosmetics more than game itself10/10 would buy more "30 minute developed" skins again
Posted: July 4	0	4	None	738	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								its.. OKtheres better BR out there it was fine when just Part of H1z1 as its Own thing.. i wouldnt pay for itin fact, i DIDNT, i PAID for a survival game..smh
Posted: July 4	1	4	None	738	110.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Would be nice if I could  play the game with friends but constant dc's and lobby issues prevents me. I wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
Posted: July 4	0	4	None	738	110.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Worst! you only want is money -The New Crate items/skins cannot be sold so many people open crates than to buy it cheaper-Divided the game into 2 because too many people only play KOH-Hackers Still there-I can only Describe it as♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	389.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game started off with good intentions, but every patch tends to releasesnew bugs, the old bugs rarely get fixed, instead they just bring out some new crate full of skins that you pay to unlock.If you have friends to play this game with, it can be fun as the pvp isnt that bad providing:-There are no hackers in game-You or your team mates dont randomly die to bugs-You have a decent spawn to get lootDuring game "lobby" where everybody joins waiting to parachute into game, its a constant microphone spam fest, people  running around shouting, making noises or just playing music so loud its distorted.If you decided to play this game solo and you are new to the game, you probably will die within the first min of landing in the map making it hard for you to learn how to play the game.I bought this game in jan 2015 pre split, so my game time is probably nearer 800 hours experience. Currently , I do not recommend this game as it has turned more into a pay to dress game and as im sure many other people agree, the devs care more about cashing money from gimmicks such as skins and splitting the game so they can charge twice the amount for the same game but different modes, than actually fixing problems or listening to the community.
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	7.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Sux
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	539.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								good game very nice!!!
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	101.5	Recommended	
Posted: September 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is great fun with friends!This game mixes it's survival side with an fps which is great fun.Pros:-Amazing fun with friends-Very tactical at parts-Good mechanics-Lots of different game strategies -Love the vehicles -Clothing skins-Great new mapCons:-Very Unoptimised-Lack of different weapons-Quite buggy-Slow and fiddlely inventory-Unbalanced spawns-Loot too common-Very buggy vehicle physicsWorth the buy!
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	28.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								id have more fun playing with my dog's♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	205.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								My current opinion and review on H1Z1Note: I only have 150~ hours played on this game (while this review has been made), I don't know all the advanced things that other players may know!Note 2: I will update this review as much as possible throughout my H1Z1 experience.H1Z1: King of the Kill was very confusing at first for me since I'm a Counter-Strike / MOBA player, but the basics are pretty easy to get a hand off but may be hard to master. H1Z1 is still very fun for me because I've never played a Battle Royale. H1Z1 is fast at the start and starts getting slower, which is good in my opinion because it allows you to differ your playstyle throughout your whole match, maybe from Passive to Agressive, Agressive the whole game, Passive the whole game, Challenge every player you see or just try and have fun killing people and see how far you can go!Here are my pros and cons about H1Z1: King of the Kill.Pros:- Fun guns, balanced too (except the Shotgun, that thing makes no sense)- Movement is easy to get a hand off- Good crosshair diversity- Hitmarkers are very easy to see and sounds are good (except Footsteps)- Driving isn't hard- UI is big enough to see everything you want- Fast-ish pace, slows down late game.- Challenging to win, it's not super easy.Cons:- Buggy inventory- Hitreg is screwed- Shotgun is really weird, especially with the hitreg.- Desync- Server Issues- Games ruined by teamers / chinese people that lag in NA servers. (Only NA, EU doesn't have this. EU only has teamers.)- Crouch SpammingExtras:- Gas should definitely become faster, it's way too slow, you usually only have 50 people left in the 1st safe zone, and the 1st safe zone is fricking massive.,- Safe Zones should become smaller earlier on.- Fix your stupid hipfire, it literally has no inaccuracy.I recommend this game, bugs can always be fixed, same with server issues, desync and hitreg. If you don't mind bugs then be sure to pick up this game!
Posted: January 8, 2017	5	4	None	328	26.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, "if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately." Tears welled up in his eyes when he realised what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- "Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	957.5	Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥
Posted: January 8, 2017	0	4	None	328	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								>Be me >Skeptical about the bugs, >Bought the game on sale>How bad can it be?>Made an account>Error, not verified account (already verified)>Maybe i was unlucky>Finally able to get in the game>Create character >Crashes>Nani.jpg>Get back in the game, managed to get past the loading screen>Trying to join a game>20 minutes on loading screen>Restart>Tried again, no result>Sigh.jpg>Verified game files>Tried once again>Finally joined a game>Get instantly killed >♥♥♥♥ing kek>Next match>Killed a guy>Game crashes>Proceed to uninstall>Asked for a refund>Based Steam support gives me my money back>Will get PlayerUnknownBattlegroundsTl;dr, wasted 80 minutes trying to get in a match, just to play 2 minutes
Posted: January 8, 2017	1	4	None	328	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								..................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	13.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								sucks balls
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								To start things of the whole idea of the battle royal and the facepaced action is what dragged this game to my attention.  But these key elemnts of a battle royal in H1Z1 is so poorly executed that the game falls so short, of its own promisse. Some examples of♥♥♥♥♥up are the combat system and how the guns behave, the guns in H1Z1 doesn´t shoot like a normal gun no they shoot in a wide as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ark instead of straight path like a normal gun but no! and the blow back is so unrealistic for an example. The grapichs are okay-ish and the sound as well. But as with anything it doesn´t come perfect and i can´t demand a+++ grapcihs it doesn´t really work like that.Yes many of you will write that "you only played like a couple of hours blah blah balh" "your so unqualifed blah balh" but it doesn´t take long to realize the problems/issues with this game.As of know this game isn´t even worth 19,99€ its maybe worth 5 at its current state. if i were you i would place my money on PUBG instead or even arma 3 and download the battle royal mod(atealst its realistic and fun).  
Posted: July 15, 2017	4	10	None	226	2,099.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would never recommend this game, there are so many problems
Posted: July 15, 2017	1	4	None	226	36.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								First off i whould like to say wahy is there another sign in for day breack thats stupid and second ♥♥♥♥ this game why did they have to make it two games jsut to make money ♥♥♥♥ daybreak
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	30.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Owned this game ever since the first week of it being out (Before the split). What can I say? After the split the game went to absolute ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. They're making this game worse and worse, especially when they took away bullet drop. One of the only ♥♥♥♥in thing that divided the good players from the bad. This game doesn't even deserve a rating its ♥♥♥♥ing horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save yourself the $20 :)
Posted: July 15, 2017	1	4	None	226	3,255.2	Recommended	
Posted: April 9
												A Battle Royale that actually takes skill.
Posted: July 15, 2017	1	4	None	226	32.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Now that PLAYER UNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS came out i do not recommend this game anymore. Battlegrounds just came out and has 70+ ratings which is really good for another early access game. Literally just came out and it has less bugs, better graphics, ironic china #1 quotes, good/clean fights with the weapons, so far no team killing in my 2 hrs, and everything loads way faster! I say right now wait for the other game to be on discount because the only bad thing about it, is that battlegrounds is 30 dollars compared to this game 19.99.Plus this game still has many hackers so peace out....
Posted: July 15, 2017	2	4	None	226	11.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												seriously. i bought this game and now its free.wow.
Posted: July 15, 2017	2	4	None	226	1,847.8	Recommended	
Posted: September 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								toxic and i love it
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	11.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								ONLY TO SAY : GIVE ME BACK 20 $ YOU STUPID SCUMS ERROR CODE G32 ,ERROR CODE G34 ,STUPID IDIOTS !THANK YOU ,AGAIN!Throwed 20$ in the rubbish !DONT BUY THIS STUPID GAME !-1000/10This is for developers and  Daybreak! ...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\....
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	743.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Forget what you have heard about this game and try it for yourself,the    game has more than likely changed from what you have seen/played over the years. The “quality of life changes” are very welcomed! If you are looking for a fast paced, fun, and rewarding battle royale look no further! The game  has somewhat of a learning curve but after you get the hang of it it’s very rewarding. You will never forget your first win because you had to earn it! See you all on the battle field! :) PS don’t listen to the trash talking kids in the game. They are just mad because they feel like they should win EVERY GAME and can’t admit that they got outplayed
Posted: March 9	1	4	None	89	35.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4
												♥♥♥♥ off daybreak i want my money back
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	164.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2017
												I bought it because a friend wanted to play with meIts okey, not special for me but it makes occasionally fun :DUnfortunately, the game is for most players "dead" and hardly anyone plays the game.Even the weekly events are sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and barely thought out.In my opinion, the developers have broken the game. RIPNevertheless, I can' t give a thumbs down, as it is still playable, even if they set this game for free ... I paid damn 10 € for the early access...
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	988.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								trash
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	6.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pretty damn bad. Get PUBG. It’s really not that fun.
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is a copy and paste of all battle royal games except not as fun the maps boring common how many times we seen this style of enviroment, its far too small for all the players, there needs to be more distance between airdrops and a faster fall to avoid crowds landing in the same spot weapons are far to easy and in vast amounts example i landed an airdrop and was killed instantly by another player who landed right next to a shotgun this has happend on numerious matches. Anticheat systems please if there are any you really cant tell.And too you♥♥♥♥♥hole cheaterseat a♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT'S A LONG WAIT TO PLAY FOR AN ANTICLIMACTIC EXPERIANCE.But that being said there are possitives for people playing in partys like myself on occasions it offers a higher rate of survival and more fun not mainly from the game but from social asspects.  SO DONT PLAY OR BUY IF YOUR GONNA BE DOING THIS SOLO YOU WONT LAST AND ITS NOT WORTH THE TIME FOR NO REWARD OR END RESULT.
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	12.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Early Access Review
								PUBG is much better. This game stayed in early access for too long.
Posted: March 9	0	7	None	89	7.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its just kinda a DLC of H1Z1:just survive for now!just you only get the Battle royale.which kinda suck....and they remove  the Battle royale from the H1Z1:just survive(used to call H1Z1) and seperate it to another game which cost the same price and its still Early acess game!kinda scamming money.H1Z1:Just Survive(very few pople already and its only for joining free fun servers[AU,EU,US])H1Z1: King of the Kill(its just like a DLC to H1Z1:Just Surivve but this only include the Battle Royale[AU,EU,US] and most people move to H1Z1: King of the Kill because of the Battle Royale)and thaeres fairly many glitches but atleast they fix the FPS problem.still tumbs down 
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												robbed $20, i am mad
Posted: March 9	0	4	None	89	14.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												Well......so much for a zombie survival game.  Put in soo many hours on the survival portion of the game, which was the only reason i purchased it in the first place, only to never be able to play it again shortly when they shut it down. Tricked into supporting a game i never wanted....that became free to play. Never again Daybreak, never again.
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	13.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								sucks balls
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								played 1 game - GAME ERROR - CODE G29 ...played 1 game - GAME ERROR - CODE G29 ...played 1 game - GAME ERROR - CODE G29 ...simulator: GAME ERROR - CODE G29
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	350.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								ALL Chinese, ALL Cheaters.Daybreak seems to accept cheat tools.Goodbye h1z1 "KotK". It "was" just good game. 
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	310.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game in NA I could♥♥♥♥♥♥out a more polished turd than this money grabbing P.O.S that these♥♥♥♥♥♥suckers released, holy ♥♥♥♥ what a shame to the entire game industry, Mixed reviews? If you voted to recommend this game you're a downy
Posted: July 15, 2017	1	4	None	226	250.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1
												give me my 20 dollars back 
Posted: July 15, 2017	1	4	None	226	35.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4
												♥♥♥♥ off daybreak i want my money back
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	164.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2017
												I bought it because a friend wanted to play with meIts okey, not special for me but it makes occasionally fun :DUnfortunately, the game is for most players "dead" and hardly anyone plays the game.Even the weekly events are sometimes ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and barely thought out.In my opinion, the developers have broken the game. RIPNevertheless, I can' t give a thumbs down, as it is still playable, even if they set this game for free ... I paid damn 10 € for the early access...
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	988.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								trash
Posted: July 15, 2017	0	4	None	226	6.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pretty damn bad. Get PUBG. It’s really not that fun.
Posted: July 15, 2017	1	4	None	226	68.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
												i want my money back u jews.
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: January 5
Early Access Review
								For someone who didn't play before the so-called combat update, it's a nice game. A good, cheaper alternative to PUBG. I would only buy it on the $5 sale. 
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	13.4	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 is a good game, as long as you can get past the seemingly never-ending technical issues involved with playing the game. If you can, you'll soon be thrown into a hunger game-esque arena with toxic gas quickly drawing nearer.This will test your skills at being able to read a simple map and stay away from gas. Not very challenging at first, but soon becomes so as you're one of many people trapped in the center of the map unable to move due to being surrounded by toxic gas. The game soon gets your heart beating as you hear people draw near and try to dodge the hail of bullets sprayed in your general direction by getting in your car and pressing your "w" key as fast as possible.The pace of the game is almost perfect, and the game would be too if it wasn't for technical issues. Overall, however, a good buy and worth the money. Especially if you want to experience the Hunger Games in real life.
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	3.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								They've probably released more skin cases than updates for an early access game. Greedy as ♥♥♥♥ developers.Buy PUBG instead.
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 20
												One thing I know about this game is zombie survival, 1 year passed when I play the game I noticed that their is no zombie and the game is like PUBG. I thought the game was very unique because the zombie is in the game and the battle royale at the same time. I was dissapointed. I wish that the battle royale where zombies are visible all the time like the game "state of decay".
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4
												Im usually ok with paying for a game early on and then having it become free, but that is only for good games where I want to support the developer. This game still sucks and they almost dont care at all. I want my money back.
Posted: January 5	3	7	None	43	809.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								to many foreigners
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	194.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								I do not recommend this games because its way too damn laggy and the servers are alwys full and take too damn long to join Fix the bugs
Posted: January 5	1	4	None	43	28.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 21, 2016
Early Access Review
DONT BUY THIS GAME They say it will be free then they split 1 game into 2 games wow !!
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	114.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								person witch invented this great idea maked from 1 nice game 2♥♥♥♥♥♥demo games its definitli stupido
Posted: January 5	0	4	None	43	114.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Why. Just...why. So much potential wasted. Buy Arma 3 if you are looking for a good battle royale experience.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	67.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Bad
Posted: February 23, 2016	2	7	None	10	60.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ded gaem bat its 5ive dallers.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: January 5
Early Access Review
								For someone who didn't play before the so-called combat update, it's a nice game. A good, cheaper alternative to PUBG. I would only buy it on the $5 sale. 
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	13.4	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 is a good game, as long as you can get past the seemingly never-ending technical issues involved with playing the game. If you can, you'll soon be thrown into a hunger game-esque arena with toxic gas quickly drawing nearer.This will test your skills at being able to read a simple map and stay away from gas. Not very challenging at first, but soon becomes so as you're one of many people trapped in the center of the map unable to move due to being surrounded by toxic gas. The game soon gets your heart beating as you hear people draw near and try to dodge the hail of bullets sprayed in your general direction by getting in your car and pressing your "w" key as fast as possible.The pace of the game is almost perfect, and the game would be too if it wasn't for technical issues. Overall, however, a good buy and worth the money. Especially if you want to experience the Hunger Games in real life.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	10.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 21
												Bought it and in a couple months it is free. ♥♥♥♥ Off.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	162.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
												Trash.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	121.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												So they sold it for £14 at first with both H1Z1 survive and Battle royale, THEN they split the 2 into £14 each or whatever it was maybe it was £20 or something to make more money AND NOW THEY MADE IT FREE. nothing but greedy devs, trying to revive a dying game because they were to lazy to make it good and fix all the issues everyone was complaining about pubg and fortnite have kicked the devs in the teeth.
Posted: February 23, 2016	3	4	None	10	4.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 20
												It's a great game!!
Posted: February 23, 2016	1	4	None	10	63.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Not only is this game now free to play, screwing over those who payed for it, it is terrilbe. It fits weirdly between PUBG and Fortnite, It's cartoony but not it's main aspect, but it's also not realistic.It's shooting mechanic is jittery and unreal and it's damage is terrible. It's difficult to play, not because it requires skill but because it has such a useless interface.I would recommened fortnite or PUBG over this game, even if this is free to play.
Posted: February 23, 2016	0	4	None	10	197.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	7	None	934	170.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								 King of the Kill, sheesh- More bugs and more hackers- That's enough, we're bored1/10
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	121.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												So they sold it for £14 at first with both H1Z1 survive and Battle royale, THEN they split the 2 into £14 each or whatever it was maybe it was £20 or something to make more money AND NOW THEY MADE IT FREE. nothing but greedy devs, trying to revive a dying game because they were to lazy to make it good and fix all the issues everyone was complaining about pubg and fortnite have kicked the devs in the teeth.
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	22.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								You are better off buying PUBG because it's a huge improvement over this.
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	197.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	33.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								ขี้หีชิบหาย
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28
												pay money back
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	19.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 7, 2017
												I bought this game when it was all-in-one the first week it was on sale. I got to about 75 hours of playtime on one if my old accounts and eventually grew really tired of this game.I couldn't play with the amount of bugs this game had, the gameplay was incredibly choppy, it wouldn't run as well as it should have and so much more. It just wasn't the fun game I wanted it to be. I only played it for about 3 weeks.However, coming back to it months later, I see there has been quite large changes to the game as a whole. The game runs so much better, isn't as choppy, a better community, with many other improvements since I last played. It's become s much more enjoyable experience, although I still haven't played it for long enough to consider it a great game yet. Keep in mind, this isn't the account I usually play on. I have other accounts.Is H1Z1: KOTK the best Battle Royale game in the market?From my experience - definitely not. The experience is rather enjoyable, however it still has a few bugs that need to be fixed; but they aren't exactly major. I've grown to enjoy many other battle royale games, this being one, and do not favour this one specifically or use it as my go-to game when I want to play something.However, with all that said, H1Z1: KOTK is still a pretty sweet game and I do recommend getting it if you're into this sort of gameplay.I plan on spending a lot more time checking out this game and experiencing a lot more with it.Hope this helped.
Posted: February 24, 2016	0	4	None	934	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												huge  amount of glitches, awful game design,half of people will team kill you, the game is not fun, you just wait for 10 minutes untill someone kills you1.5/5 DISAPOINTING
Posted: February 24, 2016	1	4	None	934	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												H1Z1 went f2p recently meaning that more players will be able to see all of the problems that every sing batle royale game has.GAMEPLAY There are only 2 ways a normal match go.You either jump in to a popular spot with a lot of weapons and get destroyed instantly because someone else found a gun before you or you jump in to a less popular spot where you will find some loot and then spent minutes just wondering around looking for a player.And when you find the player the game actually starts being fun,for a few seconds because if you lose the fight is back to the beginning and if ya win your back to wondering around looking for a player.Or you don't find a player and you get sniped.A big problem of batle royale is that RNG is one of the bigest factors on whether or not you win or you lose.Most of the times when i kill someone I don't think that my skill won,no i think that I got lucky and found a good gun and he did't.And unfortuanlly this is't the games fault it's just the batle royale mode fault.So I really won't reccoment this to anyone.It's kinda fun with friends and the car royale kinda gives this game something intresting but in the end you can just play a better game and have more fun.But hey this is still better then PUBG, 
Posted: February 24, 2016	2	7	None	934	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2
												Rip off game by rip off company.
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	197.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28
												pay money back
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	19.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 7, 2017
												I bought this game when it was all-in-one the first week it was on sale. I got to about 75 hours of playtime on one if my old accounts and eventually grew really tired of this game.I couldn't play with the amount of bugs this game had, the gameplay was incredibly choppy, it wouldn't run as well as it should have and so much more. It just wasn't the fun game I wanted it to be. I only played it for about 3 weeks.However, coming back to it months later, I see there has been quite large changes to the game as a whole. The game runs so much better, isn't as choppy, a better community, with many other improvements since I last played. It's become s much more enjoyable experience, although I still haven't played it for long enough to consider it a great game yet. Keep in mind, this isn't the account I usually play on. I have other accounts.Is H1Z1: KOTK the best Battle Royale game in the market?From my experience - definitely not. The experience is rather enjoyable, however it still has a few bugs that need to be fixed; but they aren't exactly major. I've grown to enjoy many other battle royale games, this being one, and do not favour this one specifically or use it as my go-to game when I want to play something.However, with all that said, H1Z1: KOTK is still a pretty sweet game and I do recommend getting it if you're into this sort of gameplay.I plan on spending a lot more time checking out this game and experiencing a lot more with it.Hope this helped.
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	121.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												So they sold it for £14 at first with both H1Z1 survive and Battle royale, THEN they split the 2 into £14 each or whatever it was maybe it was £20 or something to make more money AND NOW THEY MADE IT FREE. nothing but greedy devs, trying to revive a dying game because they were to lazy to make it good and fix all the issues everyone was complaining about pubg and fortnite have kicked the devs in the teeth.
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												huge  amount of glitches, awful game design,half of people will team kill you, the game is not fun, you just wait for 10 minutes untill someone kills you1.5/5 DISAPOINTING
Posted: November 30, 2017	3	4	None	9	4.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 20
												It's a great game!!
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	749.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good Game!
Posted: November 30, 2017	6	10	None	9	15.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 3
												Bought the game then realizing its free just after? like tf? um I WANT MY MONEY BACK
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	7	None	9	170.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								 King of the Kill, sheesh- More bugs and more hackers- That's enough, we're bored1/10
Posted: November 30, 2017	0	4	None	9	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								It is garbage.
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	4	None	205	4.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Go get PUBG!
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	4	None	205	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21
												wack
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	4	None	205	33.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								ขี้หีชิบหาย
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	4	None	205	22.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								You are better off buying PUBG because it's a huge improvement over this.
Posted: November 17, 2017	1	4	None	205	63.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Not only is this game now free to play, screwing over those who payed for it, it is terrilbe. It fits weirdly between PUBG and Fortnite, It's cartoony but not it's main aspect, but it's also not realistic.It's shooting mechanic is jittery and unreal and it's damage is terrible. It's difficult to play, not because it requires skill but because it has such a useless interface.I would recommened fortnite or PUBG over this game, even if this is free to play.
Posted: November 17, 2017	1	10	None	205	14.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								was fine before the update now i wait 20 mins for a game
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	16	None	205	6.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								With $15 i could have bought 30 donuts at Walmart, or 15 burgers at McDonalds, or 15 copies of Bad Rats, or a 12" sub combo at Subway, or i could've given it to a homeless man.This has been the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever.
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	4	None	205	1,791.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22
Early Access Review
								I have lost all hope for this game and this company and its devs because they have no clue on what they are doing because they dont even know what they are doing. They cant even keep cheaters off of their game. This game was great and fun to play but they have butchered it to all hell and now it is almost unbearable to play. They have lost so many people in this game to other games they cant even fill lobbies half of the time!!
Posted: November 17, 2017	3	13	None	205	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Born as a trash, live as a trash, death as a trash. + = none - = game  0/10 
Posted: November 17, 2017	0	4	None	205	97.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								Developers ruinied this game.Very bad community, I faced many bugs and I can definetly tell you that this game is not worth 20 euros.Oh and by the way, Daybreak good job on separating 1 game into to 2 games just to make more money.
Posted: December 16, 2017	1	4	None	39	11.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
												还钱！你牛逼，请继续作死！...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: December 16, 2017	2	4	None	39	2.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 22
												This ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game got me disconnected and removed from play for unfair play so many times. I'd rather play Fortine than this H1N1. Removed for lagged or timed out? Bull.i dont think anyone get it as if lag impact them in a 6'o clock out of the game. It could impact their bladder.
Posted: December 16, 2017	1	4	None	39	40.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												I want my money back, the game is free now.
Posted: December 16, 2017	1	7	None	39	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								LOL i don't know how it's possible to create ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like this...There is no all rsolutions there is no option  for full screen or windowedLaggy like a♥♥♥♥♥♥br>Graphics like a♥♥♥♥♥♥br>Don't lose your mother with this trash
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	10	None	39	119.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Crap
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	39	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
												Calling this product a "game" really feels like ebola has been injected into my bloodstream.
Posted: December 16, 2017	1	4	None	39	2,335.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Free to play, games not what everyone says it to be.. grind and play and youll see how fun this game really is.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	39	1,595.3	Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												I got in total over 3000hours, I love this game.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	39	38.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Like PUBG but worse, have less content and for poor people with a pc that isnt powerful enough to run itBtw I bought this game when h1z1 was 1 game and nothing has changed except for the xp system and the map/HUD
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	4	None	39	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7
												I paid for this free game.. how pathetic is this.  I really miss the ambiance of Just survive why don't you bring it back !
Posted: December 9, 2017	0	4	None	103	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								Every player is a damn terminator, you can't zoom for♥♥♥♥♥♥(not sure about scopes but aiming with iron sights is a no-go), guns have too much, unpredictable recoil which causes you to miss your target even at point blank range (perhaps because of♥♥♥♥♥♥hit reg as well) and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Chinese cheaters are running wild with their WHs and 300ms pings on European servers.If you can get this game for less than 10 bucks and have more than 1 friend, maybe go for it. However, be prepaired for endless amounts of bs and frustration. I suggest getting PUBG if you don't want to get bullshafted from some weird♥♥♥♥♥1v1 combat scenarios.I can't believe I enjoyed over 10 hours worth of CoD: WW2's beta rather than 1.2 hours of this.
Posted: December 9, 2017	0	4	None	103	779.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20
												No matter how many fixes, updates, downgrades, ps3 1000% legit, this pile of $h1t manages to lag and stutter at ~100 fps, unbelievable! No Jace Hall, no other talented people interested in fixing this $h1t, will be able to. Do you know why? Because $h1t is $h1t, no matter how much you try, you can't transform $h1t into candy or chocolate, ... maybe only on the surface, exactly like with this disabled fail simulator. Been 3 years into this $h1t, can't take it anymore ... doesn't register, shotgun broken forever, aimbotters and wallhackers, you die before the bullet reaches you, the death screen appears before you die, horrible vehicle spawn (no vehicles at all), but guess what!? New skins, skins, skins, new crate, crate, crate! New weapon sounds, sounds, sounds! - yay! It's all we need! No fate in you anymore, just die already. The 2K players in it, should just get a life, a hobby or p0rnhub premium.
Posted: December 9, 2017	10	16	None	103	306.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 20
												You guys first charged 20 euros, 20 EUROS for it at first and now its free?And btw you destroyed the game, it was very good at first, but when you released that first big update, that update where you changed the ammo's texture and everything else you did, you destroyed the game, litterally destroyed it.
Posted: December 9, 2017	0	4	None	103	541.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Action is coming!
Posted: December 9, 2017	2	4	None	103	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Early Access Review
								>when playing with friends you dont get to choose to drop together>awful shooting mechanics>awful inventory system>laggy as ♥♥♥♥>looks like my ballsack in the winter
Posted: December 9, 2017	44	74	None	103	12.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Trying to shoot in this game is like trying to suck your own♥♥♥♥♥♥ It doesnt work.For real though the shooting mechanics in this game are very weird. It seems very luck based, which in my opinion sucks.
Posted: December 9, 2017	22	32	None	103	8.5	Recommended	
Posted: May 24
												Fun to mess around with friends. Crossbow is OP
Posted: December 9, 2017	33	26	None	103	78.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 3
												eh it's free
Posted: December 9, 2017	9	23	None	103	31.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
Product received for free
												id rather play fortnite
Posted: December 9, 2017	12	23	None	103	2.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 7
												Really good game, love it.
Posted: March 8	24	48	None	145	3.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I hope it comes back paid again. Since it's F2P now, we are going to have lots of hackers than we are used to. Otherwise, if there are less hackers, this game is really fun. Ambient sounds, vehicles, and many other things. It's fun when playing with a friend but keep in mind you will not be the only one going duo. Many other professionals or hackers will be together versus you two innocents. By the way, it's been a really long time, Daybreak. I think it's time (already late) to add those damn scopes, isn't it?
Posted: March 8	4	14	None	145	129.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								I think I got better odds winning in a lotto than in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugged game. In place where I land there is always absolutely nothing but people next to me manage to find AR and Kevlars and♥♥♥♥♥♥in a first house they check. I wish to know when was the last time I found a sniper rifle in a air drop as well because when I'm first at drop there is always♥♥♥♥♥♥in it. Well at least this game is a great waiting in a queue symulator.
Posted: March 8	1	14	None	145	1,801.3	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								enjoy it, but so much desync. Because all of au is now forced to play on asia, due to lack of players. (we miss pre season 3).
Posted: March 8	3	78	None	145	222.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								keep in mind that all aspects are based on my opinion :) Pro:	- simple gamedesign which is easy to understand- "cartoon-graphic" which fits the game well- fast-paced- extremely fun if you are able to play "well"- good mapdesign- cheap items to customize your ingame character (items avaiable on "opskins" and other     websites)- ranking system that works with collecting points- many playstyles: hiding and wait till the last opponent chokes in toxic gas, full-rambo or   "strategic"- perfect to play with friends (duos and fives)- crafting system that is easy to handle and works fast Contra:	- MANY bugs (random disconnect, "killed by environment")- Glitches- weird and inconstant hit registration- developers are working quite slowly which means that bugs are recognized but not immediately fixed[- extremely hard to learn and to get good (high skillcap)] In words:	If you don't mind bugs at all and if you're looking for a "battle royale" game that is fast-paced, easy to understand and can be perfectly played either alone or with friends I would definetely recommend it.If you don't want to invest some time to get "good" at a game then I would not recommend it, because this game can be "a bit" frustrating at some moments :)If you are looking for a game that has nearly no bugs and works fine then you won't have a great time here. Own rating	I rate(d) this game as "recommendable", because I don't mind bugs at all and I'm having a lot of fun playing this game particularly with friends and even alone :)If you have read the whole review you got my biggest respect. Thanks.
Posted: March 8	26	78	None	145	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15
Early Access Review
								REMOVE LOGIN SCREEN - CANT LOGIN!!!! NOT WORKING!!!!
Posted: March 8	0	11	None	145	5.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								don't waste your time with this piece of s h i t game like i did
Posted: March 8	2	27	None	145	34.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't bother.
Posted: March 8	71	43	None	145	316.8	Recommended	
Posted: September 13
												i recommend this game if its mid 2016.
Posted: March 8	72	333	None	145	19.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just buy PUBG
Posted: March 8	0	8	None	145	71.2	Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								gg im a ♥♥♥♥ing unicorn !dont♥♥♥♥♥with me ! 
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	8	None	418	106.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Has the netcode of a potatoe
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	8	None	418	71.2	Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								gg im a ♥♥♥♥ing unicorn !dont♥♥♥♥♥with me ! 
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	8	None	418	65.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥jogo daora
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	8	None	418	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game was♥♥♥♥♥♥when it came out, and it still is.  Would always tell me my pw was wrong even after changing it multiple times.  Dev's are too lazy to even add a fullscreen/windowed mode in the settings even tho they've got the time to break a game in two parts and charge $20 a pop for each part.  If I could, I'd refund this POS in a heartbeat.
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	8	None	418	57.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												Why are you here ? Don't even download it buy PUBG or download Fortnite
Posted: February 19, 2016	0	8	None	418	417.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 14, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								BAD UPDATE , we missed old version
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	8	None	418	8.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 22
												Worst game I've ever played. Now F2P BS. I want a refund.
Posted: February 19, 2016	2	8	None	418	8.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Playerbase: Now leaving H1Z1
Posted: February 19, 2016	11	8	None	418	94.3	Recommended	
Posted: June 22
Still better than Fortnite / PUBG 7/10  
Posted: February 19, 2016	1	8	None	418	34.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												little late to move out of early access dont you think? already lost most of your players. #DeadGame
Posted: August 6, 2017	1	5	None	47	15.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥ vam u picku nesposobnu
Posted: August 6, 2017	1	5	None	47	3.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
Product received for free
												This is my opinion :------------------------------------------------- Shooting : Amazing - Graphics  : Bad- Players    : Like♥♥♥♥♥♥- Gameplay: Very bad - Hints       : Okay ------------------------------------------------Any way the game is bad
Posted: August 6, 2017	0	5	None	47	748.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								The worst game I've ever played.
Posted: August 6, 2017	0	5	None	47	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 25
												♥♥♥♥ this game. I originally bought this game for the survival aspect of H1Z1. When the games split, I was just like "alright, whatever." When Battle Royale became free I still shrugged it off. Now the surival mode is being totally shutdown despite being years in early access. I want my money back.
Posted: August 6, 2017	0	5	None	47	78.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29
												Bad game and ripped off their customers by making it free.
Posted: August 6, 2017	2	5	None	47	1,078.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you wanna end up autistic play it.
Posted: August 6, 2017	0	5	None	47	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Remember when Daybreak set out to make a good survival game? Me either.
Posted: August 6, 2017	1	5	None	47	161.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Was fun during the time I played it, but the game has been bugged with issues for the longest time now. Things get better, but they also get worse, this game has went from playable with minor issues to near unplayable for me. Had this title since before the split, and I honestly feel they turned one mediocre game into two.
Posted: August 6, 2017	1	5	None	47	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								The other games better be ♥♥♥♥ing mindblowing Humble BundleUpdate; December 1st:♥♥♥♥ you, you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IGN
Posted: August 6, 2017	0	5	None	47	40.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Daybreak people are ♥♥♥♥♥sterriblebadnot goodI'm still gonna play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game though
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	5	None	42	26.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just die.
Posted: April 21, 2016	5	5	None	42	143.6	Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								1. Join the game.2. Spawn.3. Get a weapon.4. Kill someone. 5. The guy stay there insulting you and saying some insults you never heard in your life.6. You stay there laughing, because you like salty people.7. The guy still rages and insults you.8. You laugh and laugh so hard.9. The gas comes and it's too late to get in the safe zone.Some people here on this game think that's real life. 
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	5	None	42	78.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29
												Bad game and ripped off their customers by making it free.
Posted: April 21, 2016	2	5	None	42	1,078.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you wanna end up autistic play it.
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	5	None	42	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Remember when Daybreak set out to make a good survival game? Me either.
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	5	None	42	161.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Was fun during the time I played it, but the game has been bugged with issues for the longest time now. Things get better, but they also get worse, this game has went from playable with minor issues to near unplayable for me. Had this title since before the split, and I honestly feel they turned one mediocre game into two.
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	5	None	42	10.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Buy Battlegrounds
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	5	None	42	217.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game could be so much better, if it was worked on more. Daybreak, you have your priority's wrong. You could be working on combat mechanics and bug fixes, but no, gotta get them crates out, ANOTHER money making scheme, like you haven't got enough money splitting the game. Not to mention you promised to make this game free.Want a good battle royale game? Go buy the culling, I have it, Its 10x better.
Posted: April 21, 2016	1	5	None	42	10.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								garbage
Posted: April 21, 2016	0	5	None	42	40.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Daybreak people are ♥♥♥♥♥sterriblebadnot goodI'm still gonna play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game though
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	5	None	35	4,556.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								👍🏼
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	5	None	35	139.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								The gsme has High Grafics and its very fun , all of the people that say that is all of the time there is bugs and more♥♥♥♥♥♥are lying i played the game 50 hours and i only had 2 bugs
Posted: March 6, 2016	3	5	None	35	268.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9, 2017
												what about ppl who already bought the game where there money gone ?????? dayshit are u kedding me ? ♥♥♥♥ off i need my money backdelete this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game from steam and add fortnite plz thx me later
Posted: March 6, 2016	1	5	None	35	1,192.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game really sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
Posted: March 6, 2016	1	5	None	35	70.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								$ :D
Posted: March 6, 2016	1	5	None	35	19.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												Is this some kind of joke?! I get that they wanna try and comete with Fortnite by making it free. However, I paid for this and now it's free with no money back?! I wouldn't be so annoyed if the game was decent at it's current state, but this game went from brilliant  to awful. Battle Royale? More like Micro-Transaction Royale! The devs ditched improving the game and jumped on the INSANE 720 DAB EMOTES, and BRIGHT PINK BARBIE SKIN simulator. This isn't Fortnite, stop trying to become something you are not plz devs. If you wanna make this game great, keep it how it was back in the day :) 
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	5	None	35	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5
Early Access Review
								Strict no if you are from India! The point is always above 120 as the nearest server is some where in far East asia. You are lucky if you manage to get a kill with the kind of ping. The developers should install servers in south Asia near India to beat the PUBG fever. The gameplay is good though!
Posted: March 6, 2016	2	5	None	35	29.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just get Playerunknown's Battleground.
Posted: March 6, 2016	0	5	None	35	58.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
												Have they nerfed shotgun yet?Have they fixed classic camera glitching when crouching on slope?Have they fixed stuttering?Poke me when someting is going to change.
Posted: March 6, 2016	1	5	None	35	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just buy PlayUknowns Battlegrounds 
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	3.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												i bought this game now wheres my money daybreak :/
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								u may think this game is worth it in some sense, but it is not. just a poorly made, poorly managed mess.
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												bought this game for 20$ and now its free to play.
Posted: March 11	1	5	None	34	152.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Because a lot of people cheat in this game,in every rounds, so I and my friends are disappointed in this game ,we just turn to play the battleground!  THIS GAME NEEDS CONTROL!!!  OR !!!  JUST GO TO DEAD!!!
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	407.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Give us the old H1Z1 back plz 
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	159.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												WTF do you think you're doin daybreak?! I don't really care about your game anymore, but what is this please?!?!!?  Making it 1.0 then 1 week later f2play ?!?!?what??you are the worst. who ever decided all this should go to hell.
Posted: March 11	1	5	None	34	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								The other games better be ♥♥♥♥ing mindblowing Humble BundleUpdate; December 1st:♥♥♥♥ you, you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IGN
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								no
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	26.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just die.
Posted: March 11	0	5	None	34	40.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Daybreak people are ♥♥♥♥♥sterriblebadnot goodI'm still gonna play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game though
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	3.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
Product received for free
												This is my opinion :------------------------------------------------- Shooting : Amazing - Graphics  : Bad- Players    : Like♥♥♥♥♥♥- Gameplay: Very bad - Hints       : Okay ------------------------------------------------Any way the game is bad
Posted: March 31	2	5	None	41	29.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just get Playerunknown's Battleground.
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								The other games better be ♥♥♥♥ing mindblowing Humble BundleUpdate; December 1st:♥♥♥♥ you, you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IGN
Posted: March 31	0	5	None	41	139.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								The gsme has High Grafics and its very fun , all of the people that say that is all of the time there is bugs and more♥♥♥♥♥♥are lying i played the game 50 hours and i only had 2 bugs
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	15.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥ vam u picku nesposobnu
Posted: March 31	0	5	None	41	76.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥It is very overatered and everyone is a homo lol.
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	835.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								You should never buy this game. After 3 ♥♥♥♥in years we still dealing with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t amateur bugs. These gold diggers made lots of lots of skins but the game still sucks
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	254.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Shoots a guy point blank with a shotgun - 23 damageDoesn't even look at me and 1 shots mebest game ever 10/10E-Sports ready~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~0 consistancy with the shotgun0 insentive to playChina #1Cancerous PlayerbaseGreedy DevsWhat more do you want?
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	63.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												no, just no
Posted: March 31	1	5	None	41	1,451.0	Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								People tend to forget that this game is still in early access. I have had so much fun playing h1z1, both solo, 2s and 5s. Competative and fun game.
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	1,398.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 27
												If you still playing this game for real I will suggest you  call one of those numbers [www.alternativedepressiontherapy.com]The game is dead in general, the community is trash, the mechanic isn't enjoyable anymore.If you are a new player just quit, find any other game to spend your time with.if you are "MUH I'M ROYALTY xD", get in mind you are scoring over hopeless f2p and people that don't even care about score anymore and are there just for the free items.I'm counting the seconds until they shut down this♥♥♥♥♥♥forever.
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	256.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥after the latest update...
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	231.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								LAGGY AS♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 27	1	5	None	119	106.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't waste your money in this game
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	75.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Never before has hiding in a bush been so exhilarating!Also HERE COMES THE MONEY (f*ck off Daybreak you greedy c*nts)
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	42.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bullet drop starts at 15 feet. Bullets do not go where you aim them, buy PUBG instead.
Posted: April 27	1	5	None	119	1,899.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, thats dev team is horrific.ask for community input and just listen to bots on reddit.game is dead and hopefully arclegger will be standing in the welfare line..he shoulda let tfue put his peepee on his lip..
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
Early Access Review
								Full of cheaters.
Posted: April 27	1	5	None	119	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3
												Really is free now? I paid money for this game but now is free?!! Give me back my money!!
Posted: April 27	0	5	None	119	117.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 4
Early Access Review
								trashhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Posted: July 15, 2016	1	5	None	21	10.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very fun gameplay!
Posted: July 15, 2016	0	5	None	21	5.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												paid $20nowfree to play♥♥♥♥
Posted: July 15, 2016	1	5	None	21	12.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dont buy this game...*Buy Pubg*Bad Supports, they baned me because i sent a ticket because servers were lock. i baned by game developers...*Bad GamePlay*Bad Guns*Bad Shooting*Bad...*Dont Buy this game*Buy Pubg
Posted: July 15, 2016	2	5	None	21	176.6	Recommended	
Posted: October 7
												Heil Jace Hall
Posted: July 15, 2016	3	5	None	21	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 13
												As soon as i fired my first round, my cursor started automatically hovering over the "uninstall" button. Now after just 2 games with my friend we are done and we are off to play minecraft. Literally. We are seriously gonna play minecraft instead right now.
Posted: July 15, 2016	0	5	None	21	212.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								i just got vac banned because people thought i was cheating because my ping was bad one day and i was lagging pretty bad
Posted: July 15, 2016	0	5	None	21	950.6	Recommended	
Posted: September 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game has really fun gun play in my opinion weather you're soloing or playing with friends you'll be having a great time :) really recommened
Posted: July 15, 2016	0	5	None	21	2,457.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
It's a long story. 
Posted: July 15, 2016	1	5	None	21	63.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												no, just no
Posted: July 15, 2016	1	5	None	21	1,451.0	Recommended	
Posted: October 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								People tend to forget that this game is still in early access. I have had so much fun playing h1z1, both solo, 2s and 5s. Competative and fun game.
Posted: July 1, 2017	1	5	None	113	1,899.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, thats dev team is horrific.ask for community input and just listen to bots on reddit.game is dead and hopefully arclegger will be standing in the welfare line..he shoulda let tfue put his peepee on his lip..
Posted: July 1, 2017	0	5	None	113	13.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4
Early Access Review
								Full of cheaters.
Posted: July 1, 2017	0	5	None	113	5.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												paid $20nowfree to play♥♥♥♥
Posted: July 1, 2017	1	5	None	113	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3
												Really is free now? I paid money for this game but now is free?!! Give me back my money!!
Posted: July 1, 2017	1	5	None	113	279.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								DLC xD each 5 euros. hahah aru u kiding ME? BREH?
Posted: July 1, 2017	0	5	None	113	12.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21
												Never again dayBreak they never delivered what they promissed they should refund us
Posted: July 1, 2017	0	5	None	113	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11
												it sucks
Posted: July 1, 2017	0	15	None	113	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just refunded, game sucks. Thx bye.
Posted: July 1, 2017	0	5	None	113	20.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												WHY DO ⒡⒰⒞⒦ I  PAY FOR THIS...
Posted: July 1, 2017	4	15	None	113	35.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												lol it was auto-royale even before the update. absolute trash. buy pubgedit: pubg isn't great, but better than this. if you're looking for pc battle royale, pubg is probably the way to go imho. still not great though.
Posted: July 4, 2017	6	5	None	19	946.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								spawn in, loot, get cod rushed, rage, repeat░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
Posted: July 4, 2017	4	15	None	19	35.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												lol it was auto-royale even before the update. absolute trash. buy pubgedit: pubg isn't great, but better than this. if you're looking for pc battle royale, pubg is probably the way to go imho. still not great though.
Posted: July 4, 2017	0	5	None	19	2,438.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1
Early Access Review
								i tried and tried. but h1 wants to fix 1 thing and then purposfully ruin other things so that the game never moves forward. multiple things have been fixed then ruined multiple times and im not supporting this epic fail of a game. easily could have been the best game out but these devs have no clue. this game is just practice for these devs to fine tune their abilitys and then they will go start a new game... this game restarts its alpha every month or so, so be ready to relearn the game every month. insane how such a game so good can be run into the ground.
Posted: July 4, 2017	17	42	None	19	10.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Hahahahahahahahaha H1Z1 hahahahahahahahahhahahahaha "Leaving early access" Hahahhahahahahahahahhahahahaa I'm dying, great joke steam !
Posted: July 4, 2017	9	66	None	19	228.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								Devs are basically the biggest money ♥♥♥♥♥s in the industry. They split the game because they want even more money. Don't waste you time, Go buy rust, dayz or the forest cause this game is garbage. The culling is probably way better than this game. stay away from this game.
Posted: July 4, 2017	7	12	None	19	7.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								我使用steam这么久一直都不哪款游戏上面去写评测 ，但是你们的决策实在是让人伤心。I use steam for so long has not which game above to write evaluation, but your decision is really sad.上帝保佑你们公司明天倒闭God bless your company to go bankrupt tomorrow....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\....
Posted: July 4, 2017	5	12	None	19	12.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 24, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥
Posted: July 4, 2017	2	12	None	19	4,290.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								I have around 3000 hours in H1Z1 and the game has glitches, bugs and annoyances just like every other Alpha...  but I love it!!!  H1Z1 is simply the best Battle Royale game there is!
Posted: July 4, 2017	9	77	None	19	50.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Not a bad game, I would go as far as to say its a good game, even with it being in early access. The bugs/lack of content is understandable, but the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥ that this company gives about there game and buyers is a big fat ♥♥♥♥ing zero. They dont seem to update this as nearly as often as they should, and when they are working on the game, it is either focused on just the battle royale portion, or figuring out a way they can ♥♥♥♥ over the people that are paying for their product by spending time they should be working on the game to come up with a plan where they split the game in two charging you more money to play both modes, and completly abandoning the whole original idea of it going FTP. Decent game, bad company. Until this company decides to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about there game/consumers, and not just the extra pennies they can stick in their♥♥♥♥♥for safe keeping, I do not recommend this game.
Posted: July 4, 2017	6	84	None	19	235.6	Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Incredibly fun game, especially with a friend. There are some few parts where I say "This game is broken." But overall, it is addicting and fun and easy to get good at.
Posted: May 9, 2016	2	19	None	36	655.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								I've played this game many hours and mostly with having fun, but the devs dont give a single ♥♥♥♥ about the game.They release a new update with some ♥♥♥♥ing skins you cant even sell on the market and ppl try hard the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them and play at least in a team of two.But thats not the only negative thing about the game.The Developers dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game and its still alpha after 1 1/2 years of doing nothing but making money and ♥♥♥♥ing the ppl that spent money for their ♥♥♥♥ing buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Dont buy it, trust me the game is just ♥♥♥♥ing cancer.
Posted: May 9, 2016	2	43	None	36	126.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								OK, so first of all, i have played this game for a while now, ITS NOT WORTH BUYING IT, I was just in a game (level 37) with a bunch of high level people that can kill you instantly from across the map, thats my first point, match making sucks♥♥♥♥♥ you will buy this game thinking its good. No matter what level you are, you will get into a game full of people that are way better than you. Also there are so many hackers now its not even funny. I've seen all of it, people that aimbot, teleport, etc. Second, THEY ADDED MORE SKINS BEFORE FIXING THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!! I don't give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about any skins, they are useless. Please daybreak, fix the game before adding skins, After 100 hours on this game, i realized that no matter what level or rank you are, you are going to lose unless you hack or had this game since day 1.
Posted: May 9, 2016	4	67	None	36	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very very badly optimized , the learning curve is extremely difficult and the hits dont always count.
Posted: May 9, 2016	213	153	None	36	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								I’d rather buy Minecraft
Posted: May 9, 2016	14	105	None	36	3,542.8	Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Some bugs, but I still like it ;)
Posted: May 9, 2016	24	140	None	36	1,962.5	Recommended	
Posted: February 14
												Hey devs of h1! Can you guys please revert back to pre 3 or pre 4. I really miss playing the game and having fun on it. I understand that you guys are trying to "improve" the game and stuff, but i think the best thing to do is revert back but keep things that people wanted changed :) im no dev but i can tell you that what you are doing now is not a good idea. You guys are going against what the player base wants and you are just killing the game more and more.
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	2	None	36	28.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is a totally ♥♥♥♥ing crap, because:1. Land much later then everybody.2. When landed, get killed without loot by a guy who landed much earlier than you.3. Repeat 5 times.4. Get a refund.
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	2	None	36	637.6	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good game
Posted: May 9, 2016	0	2	None	36	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ho ho ho holy crap this is awful. Controls are terrible, help is nonexistent, item variety is poor, graphics are awful, and everyone is dressed as a clown.Why can't I open the map while sprinting? Why do I sprint at the speed of a wheezy walrus? Why can you jump out of cars at speed without danger? Genuinely awful to play.Worst thing is I can't have a refund, thanks for a poopy month Humble Monthly.
Posted: May 9, 2016	1	2	None	36	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Trying for the first time this game and I receive this error - GAME ERROR - CODE G29.Enjoy this review until you fix your game.
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dont buy this game horrible game providers made a game and trying to sell it.... Go and buy dog food and than go feed street animals with this money.
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	2	None	31	52.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Was one of my favourite games before devs ruint it. Don’t buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ better get PUGB
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	243.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Spinning in circles with a shotgun simulator.
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	624.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								I had so much fun before the combat update.
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	475.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Trash1Z1
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game started as a mediocre DayZ clone, which is something the world needed back in 2014- however, 2014 is exactly where this game stayed as the lovely Developement Team over at Daybreak saw the $$$ they made when "Battle Royale" got popular and the team got VERY comfortable with how the game performed for about 3 years. Here is a short list of what has been added in the time since:-Skins-More colorful user interfaces...-From their eyes, all the people who were gonna buy the game, already had. And their precious, jump-shooting around-corners-game stayed pretty much the same until this year. (same 3 guns to use, same cars, same content) (Seriously, how ♥♥♥♥ing miserable would you have to be to play the exact same game for that long. Who is their target audience????)Up until 2017 the devs LITERALLY DIDNT SEE DEVELOPING THEIR GAME AS A PRIORITY and this is the biggest mistake they could have made. One that was easily taken advantage of by anyone willing to invest in properly "stealing away" the audience that was fed up with Daybreak by this time.Thankfully, other people saw the game going down this path and decided not to tie their existence/careers to something ran by people so obviously fat jewish and lazy. ThePlayerUnknown was one of these people. His team made a game 200x better than this wacky♥♥♥♥♥shit that no one plays anymore. So s/o To PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds- buy that.TL;DR: The devs didnt see this game as worth improving until "ThePlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds" came out, and was INFINITELY BETTER- GO BUY THAT.
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	238.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 8, 2017
												I paid for this game, my favorite battle royal game just to have it get region blocked. Now I am forced to play PUBG. Fix your ping restrictions ffs man.
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	2	None	31	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												bough this game for 5 euro, next day it went free... 6/9
Posted: October 19, 2017	0	2	None	31	43.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												this  game is trash i payed 20 euros and now its free and i dont play it anymore    I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!
Posted: October 19, 2017	1	2	None	31	285.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 has so many bugs and glitches that its annoying. I like the overall idea of the game but until they fix the major issues with the game I would not recommend you get the game. (TRASH)
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	359.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								bugs everywhere game only for people whose got big nerves
Posted: January 26, 2017	1	2	None	73	1,355.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is just garbage, i don't recommend it. i have more than 1k+ hours i have been playing this game for over 2 yearsi dont recommend it because1: the developers always choose bad decisions and unnecessary updates that no one gives a ♥♥♥♥ about, example the speed meters for your car?2: the new map is just disgusting from every aspect3: fun fact even in there tournament they mention about not having a fair fights in the new map[ one of the reasons i dont recommend the game]4:There is too much campers,backstabbers,glitches and by stabbers i mean getting shot from the back by a silent player driving a car.5:There is no rewards for winning normals or skirmish, NO ONE GIVES A ♥♥♥♥ ABOUT RANKS,6:There is no skill gab, its just about luck because the loot is just ♥♥♥♥ed up.7:Hit Register Doesn't work properly since the old map8:Dsync Bullets is just awful thing to have[ getting shot behind a tree,wall,stone while not peeking isn't a fun thingthat is my review, 
Posted: January 26, 2017	2	2	None	73	11.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								WAITING SIMULATOR16/10 - WOULD BUY AGAIN
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	196.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								garbage xd, buy PUBG
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	4,234.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								why do u increase the ping limitation for AU region to asia server. now AU server is 100% dead.well done u fkn idiots. gg to these AU players
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	900.2	Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you are looking for good battle royale game, i recommend to buy this game ;)
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	727.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								<3 !!!!
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	2.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								NOT WORTH IT, EVEN IF FREE.Bought this game in winter sale and that was my biggest mistake.I dont know how my net is slow for this game having 20mps net is enough to play any game.my weapons are locked everytime.no matter what you do this game will make you bang your head on the wall and ask yourself why you bought this game.paid alot for this game and its a total scam.Sorry guys i know it takes a lot of effort to make a game and keep it running.but when you pay for something and you feel cheated its not a good feeling.i really wish this game was good, i really..........
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	61.9	Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								staa
Posted: January 26, 2017	0	2	None	73	13.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								I played hundreds of hours of H1 before the split. Opening it up now, it makes me sad to see how far its fallen behind. Depressing, almost
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	47	657.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								h1z1 is for queers go play pubg
Posted: July 6, 2017	1	2	None	47	329.7	Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								i was king of kill. i ended a man life and then a woman. their blood tasted sweet.
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	47	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9
												My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 14, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	47	28.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Worst game you could buy. [Hackers]
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	47	161.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 30
												this been good game but every body hacking recently....
Posted: July 6, 2017	1	2	None	47	15.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
												Good Game
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	47	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 27
Early Access Review
								PUBG is better despite the cheaters... Better buy PUBG.
Posted: July 6, 2017	1	2	None	47	28.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Just wont let me play the game due to complications with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ drm hellscape that is the daybreak launcher/website.
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	47	133.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just sell the game to a different company.Edit: I was playing the game today, and I hit the inventory button and the game broke.  Good game tbh.
Posted: July 6, 2017	1	2	None	47	1,261.1	Recommended	
Posted: April 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is great if you are willing to wait hundreds of hours for server maintenance
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	45.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								A piece of steaming $hiteWhat was an ok battle royale game has been turned into a cash grabbing,poorly planned ,designed and presented game.Full Release has stripped us of skins we have paid money for,less servers and more bugs then a rednecks house.Well Done DayBreak,
Posted: September 27, 2016	1	2	None	5	76.0	Recommended	
Posted: February 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								you know that this game is good when the developement feedback is on skins
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	1,416.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ nubs everywhere in this game sitting bushes get ♥♥♥♥♥ed on
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	144.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game please
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	441.7	Recommended	
Posted: August 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								Awesome
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	353.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game, shotgun is inconsistent and a pile of wank. Game has far too many french baguettes
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	437.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								If the running man loading screen will be so nice and let you go to the main menu then press find match. If the game won't send you into training instead of normal game then be ready to fall on parachute. If the parachute spawns with you instead of falling like a potato from the sky then try to land in a city or near a car. If you will be able to enter the car after 2 minutes of standing in front of it and pressing E continuously try to take the keys if there will be any. If you won't explode mid-driving then try to find some loot. Be aware of loot that is unpickable for some unknown reason :) If you got into this final step then be ready to get 2tap by a guy which took 5 shotguns shots into his back from 1 meter. ENJOY !
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Map need more better and Hacker Hacker
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	2.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								Chances are each game will last under a minute after 4 min queue time and 3 min loading time. If you don't die within one minute you get to run, run and run until you get within the safe zone area and get into some combat.I think this game is better suited as a free-to-play with microtransactions, it's not worth the $20 price tag.And lets not forget bugs, oh the bugs. I know that it is early access, but making it playable should be a priority over making cosmetics and a cs:go lotto crate system.
Posted: September 27, 2016	0	2	None	5	50.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												mass refund or we riot
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	437.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								If the running man loading screen will be so nice and let you go to the main menu then press find match. If the game won't send you into training instead of normal game then be ready to fall on parachute. If the parachute spawns with you instead of falling like a potato from the sky then try to land in a city or near a car. If you will be able to enter the car after 2 minutes of standing in front of it and pressing E continuously try to take the keys if there will be any. If you won't explode mid-driving then try to find some loot. Be aware of loot that is unpickable for some unknown reason :) If you got into this final step then be ready to get 2tap by a guy which took 5 shotguns shots into his back from 1 meter. ENJOY !
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	2,412.3	Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I honestly love this game.  The only reasons people complain about it is because they are either terrible or have played it so much that they are just super competitive and forget how to have fun.  It's an exciting, fast paced, heart pumping game that rewards good accuracy and quick decision making.  H1Z1 is a whole different style of battle royale than PUBG and in my opinion a hell of a lot more fun. The developers are constantly interacting with the community looking for feedback and ways to tweak the game to deliver the best possible game play. One of my favorite games all-time.
Posted: January 30, 2017	1	2	None	30	18.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Meh
Posted: January 30, 2017	1	2	None	30	139.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								pretty good, jk this game is♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	2,051.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 : King of the Cheater♥♥♥♥ing game
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	637.6	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good game
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ho ho ho holy crap this is awful. Controls are terrible, help is nonexistent, item variety is poor, graphics are awful, and everyone is dressed as a clown.Why can't I open the map while sprinting? Why do I sprint at the speed of a wheezy walrus? Why can you jump out of cars at speed without danger? Genuinely awful to play.Worst thing is I can't have a refund, thanks for a poopy month Humble Monthly.
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	819.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								still broken as sh!t im tired of this bull sh!t stop turning into csgo "cases, cases, money, micro transactions" fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game the ammount of potential is insane just fix this sh!t you ugly c unts
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played this game once and it was full of bugs. Thank god I refunded before 2 hours 
Posted: January 30, 2017	0	2	None	30	11.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								When this game first came out, it was absolutely amazing, playing in the NA region wasn't a complete lagfest, the original map was great, there were proper mechanics and gunskill involved, and then over time they just started pumping out "skins" and "crates" for people to buy, the second map that was released is complete garbage compared to the first, and now they're going to "remaster" Z1 in an attempt to finally fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.I highly reccommend just spending the extra money on PUBG.
Posted: December 3, 2017	0	2	None	878	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Map need more better and Hacker Hacker
Posted: December 3, 2017	0	2	None	878	93.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								I saw that changes were made to the game and I wanted to give him another chance to see how it is but unfortunately the community of this game is as disgusting as before especially those who make streams are the cancer of the gameWith great confidence I do not recommend this game to anyone , developers are so interested in skins that they forget about the principle of the game to make it better standard and they are so in love with money that they do not care about the game community at all
Posted: December 3, 2017	4	2	None	878	46.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has been one big♥♥♥♥♥♥fest. Man this game can suck my somalian pirate ####
Posted: December 3, 2017	2	2	None	878	868.2	Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								Open the game crash, open it again works well.Jump into a game try to land, see a car, land on the car, fall into the ground.After you rage you come back to the game, land, see an AR try to take it immediately get two tapped by R380.New case, buy them all, get sh*t, repeat when another come out.11/10 IGN will suicide again
Posted: December 3, 2017	0	2	None	878	135.5	Recommended	
Posted: February 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Please unlock China IP, your game is good game, but lock the Chinese IP, China is a big market, I really want you to unlock the Chinese IP, please unlock, thank you, but please unlock the Chinese IP, and the Chinese version of h1z1, thank you. From a regular player who loves this game
Posted: December 3, 2017	1	2	None	878	53.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								Welcome to h1z1 you have been disconnected
Posted: December 3, 2017	0	2	None	878	726.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ever been in a bad relationship? You know, just ♥♥♥♥ing unhealthy?That's what your experience with H1Z1:King of the Kill will resemble.
Posted: December 3, 2017	0	2	None	878	29.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 9
Early Access Review
								Mechanics are dull and uninteresting.  When thrown into a game you have no choice of where to land, your drop location is chosen for you at random which has gotten me killed on more than one occasion.  The game keeps pressuring you into spending money on it's loot crates and skins which aren't even good looking.  Overall just a bad game.  If you want to play a good Battle Royale go buy PUBG or play fortnight.  Both are better than this game will ever be.
Posted: December 3, 2017	1	2	None	878	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2016
Early Access Review
 Why not to buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. -Get account suspended (TWICE NOW) for no reason, never cheated or anything, proof as in streamed the game 24/7 when playing.-More bugs than a homeless shelter-Microtransaction focused-No new guns or vehicles have been added since it was first put on steam. -The devs don't care about the community.
Posted: December 3, 2017	967295	24	None	878	236.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥ fix the game you Russians
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	1,119.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Nice Game!
Posted: March 25, 2017	1	2	None	47	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21
Early Access Review
								Thanks humble bundle for giving me acutal trash.
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	57.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Garbage
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	415.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Thinking about suicide, thanks H1Z1
Posted: March 25, 2017	1	2	None	47	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Trying for the first time this game and I receive this error - GAME ERROR - CODE G29.Enjoy this review until you fix your game.
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is absolute garbage, the highest graphics are terrible. The game consists of repetetive gameplay were you land, get 1 out of 5 guns immediatley and get a lucky killl and/or die to the hands of a more experienced player then waiting five minutes to play again. Not fun, the guns are WAY too easy to find and there is too few weapons. This game should not have been released yet even for early access. Its simply not fun or close to being a finished game, there is no content and there are way more games that do this concept a lot better. The Duo and five system does not work and you barley get to play before jumping back in to find a match and play in five minutes. Please finish your game. 2/10
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	1,319.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2016
Early Access Review
 worst game ever  WORST DEVELOPERS EU-NA-WORLD 
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	28.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is a totally ♥♥♥♥ing crap, because:1. Land much later then everybody.2. When landed, get killed without loot by a guy who landed much earlier than you.3. Repeat 5 times.4. Get a refund.
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	68.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								So this game has a lot mixed of views, but I genuinly like the game. Now a lot of reviews are from people who got angry, that they kept dying, or they got the game during when it was "Battle Royale," when it deffintly was a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. If you're looking through the reviews, they deffintly won't be helpful. Play the game, then form your own opinion. If you don't like it, fine you can refund your money and go buy a CSGO skin.  ;)
Posted: March 25, 2017	0	2	None	47	139.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Well I have not played this game in a couple of months and came back to it with hopes that all the isues within this game may well have been sorted ((( HAHAHAHA ))) First game dropped in landed and ended up under the map looking up at the police car I had drop in to get. What a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game really is. If the Devs spent half the time on actually fixing the bugs that they did rinsing the ♥♥♥♥ out of peoples wallets with new crates here and new crates there then KOTK could and should have been a great game. BROKEN TO ♥♥♥♥ NEVER TO BE FIXED. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
Posted: November 28, 2016	1	2	None	277	285.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 has so many bugs and glitches that its annoying. I like the overall idea of the game but until they fix the major issues with the game I would not recommend you get the game. (TRASH)
Posted: November 28, 2016	1	2	None	277	0.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░░░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░﻿
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	19.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
												STILL SUCKS. Just get fortnite don't even bother
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	43.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game exists for 2 years, and that♥♥♥♥♥♥still only has 3 main weapons.
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	331.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game used to be fun but now its ♥♥♥♥ing trash. Almost unplayable.
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	107.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								WORST GAME EVER!
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	157.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								恕我直言，越改版越过气
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	23.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Rip game :D
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	37.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								they screwed it up
Posted: November 28, 2016	0	2	None	277	448.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Terrible customer service. Negative experience.
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	428.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥br>please don't buy this game, invest into a game thats actually works.
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	607.5	Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								One of the best games ever. Have lots of fun and really addicting!
Posted: February 11, 2017	1	2	None	63	310.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								favorite game
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	755.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is Legit trash expect to hate it.  Devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥and fix nothing relavent just pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥and add more skins.
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	476.6	Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								great game
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	24.4	Recommended	
Posted: June 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								buy pubg.
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is horrible
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	676.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Please god no
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	819.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								still broken as sh!t im tired of this bull sh!t stop turning into csgo "cases, cases, money, micro transactions" fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game the ammount of potential is insane just fix this sh!t you ugly c unts
Posted: February 11, 2017	0	2	None	63	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Played this game once and it was full of bugs. Thank god I refunded before 2 hours 
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	42.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Killed a guy who told me to kill myselfThat's what i wanted to do after i played this for 25 hours
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	16.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Does anyone have battlegrounds?
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	78.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Not worth 20€, full of bugs, postponing scheduled updates all the time, bugs, glitches, lag, they don't seem to care about the EU servers, bugs, bugfixes that create more bugs, why more skins??. Fun with friends, and did i forgot to mention bugs?
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	2,878.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												H1Z1 has improved greatly in the past few months.  The game is in a solid state for the most part now and even has modes that newer players can enjoy now.  It is IMO the most difficult BR game to become skilled in, so expect a grind if you're trying to hit higher ranks.
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	234.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								The loading times are shocking
Posted: December 25, 2017	0	2	None	123	485.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Over a million glitches, you try spending your weekend to have some fun with some friends and all you do is lose your time on your event as the glitches make it incredibly tedious and discouraging to enjoy playing.After this "Amazing Update"You try playing the new game mode - DisconnectedCountless games I've gone through, 5 minutes in and I can't shoot no more, I've tried many solutions of the old inventory trick, toggle view etc but nothing has solved this problem. If anyone has a solution please let me know. For a game I don't play enough that I enjoy, it's really ashame that I can't have atleast 1 hour of gametime to say that I've enjoyed my time playing h1z1. A real shame as it's a fun game but these glitches are incredibly painful, It makes me want to smack myself for even attempting to try and play another game. 
Posted: December 25, 2017	1	2	None	123	334.3	Recommended	
Posted: May 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Vet coole game 
Posted: December 25, 2017	1	2	None	123	1,937.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good Game
Posted: December 25, 2017	1	2	None	123	13.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								They spent all of their budget on the trailer...
Posted: December 15, 2017	1	2	None	1,379	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Trying for the first time this game and I receive this error - GAME ERROR - CODE G29.Enjoy this review until you fix your game.
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is horrible
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	31.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								The changes made to how you build and that safe zone area just ruined the game for me personally
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	476.6	Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								great game
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	24.4	Recommended	
Posted: June 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								buy pubg.
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	21.1	Recommended	
Posted: June 23, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								This is a really awesome multiplayer game.The amount of people you can fight with and against is really fun.The game offers massive maps to explore with friends and pvp.I found this game enjoyable after only 1 hour of playing.Doe i do wish the game would drop more items instead of just crates.But still worth buying
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	85.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								broken game with terrible shooting mechanics. do not purchase.
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	486.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								One of the most OVERHYPED Twitch promoted games I have ever played. Has the worst glitches, bullet registration, lag compensation, car mechanics, recoil patterns, pay for skin systems, hackers(anti-cheat), communities, and staff/devs than any game in the market. This is just another♥♥♥♥♥♥polished "Alpha" scheme designed to take your money and provide no effort on making it a better game. They just release another sub-portion of the game which they will make you pay for if you want to try it. The streamers of this game are in a constant rage fueled hatred for the game mechanics and publically trash this hogwash of a game daily. The American servers are full of racist, triggerbotters, and Chinese.... If you expect to be able to get flawless shots that will never happen.... If you expect the hitboxes for the Chinese players (half the lobbies you'll join) to be the same as the American players well thats not going to happen.... Imagine trying to slingshot a headless chicken running through a barn. This is 2017 and the game industry is booming, but these people at Daybreak do not give two flying f's about you or their game. Treat yourself to honest developers or stick to triple A releases because this game is a joke.
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	86.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very good game love it 10/10
Posted: December 15, 2017	0	2	None	1,379	1,134.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Easily the best game ive ever played, still some issues with the game... but overall very fun.
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	613.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								 Dont but this game, developer dont care about the fan base and PUBG is better.
Posted: June 21, 2017	7	2	None	133	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												♥♥♥♥♥ PURE♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy it if you don't want to regret at the end
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	5.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												this beats out Fortnite but that's like nothing... but a gr8 game, fortnite sucks
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	260.7	Recommended	
Posted: September 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								uh pubg is garbage
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	3,656.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Love and hate the game.
Posted: June 21, 2017	1	2	None	133	14.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game played : H1Z1 (KOTK) + Just SuriveStarted this game early 2015-16 when it was "good", too bad that PUBG overtook H1Z1..Pros:-"old pubg" ?Cons:-devs want only $$ (Lack of support, Exit the multiplatform, $$$ crates ...)-A LOT of bugs not fixedPls fix. Rather go buy PUBG even if no Linux..
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do not buy this game
Posted: June 21, 2017	1	2	None	133	15.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Please fix your game I keep dying from ♥♥♥♥ing bugs. It's so stupid ♥♥♥♥ing fix your game. 
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	16.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								The game had fps problems.
Posted: June 21, 2017	0	2	None	133	93.3	Recommended	
Posted: October 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Looks average at best for graphics but its super fun to play with a friend or two
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	5.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								worste game ever
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	12.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Guy can one tap me with a pistol while I'm wearing armor and a helmet, but I can't kill him with a headshot close range with a shotgun when he's wearing noting. This is legitimately unplayable at this point.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	336.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												smek rau de tot moca
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	21.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												I like this game but i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥payed 20 dollars for it and now its free.is it free for an amounth of time ? 
Posted: November 21, 2017	3	2	None	38	358.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is way to ♥♥♥♥ed up you lag you ♥♥♥♥ing get ♥♥♥♥ed up infinite loading screen and when you are ingame you reload and it automatically stops you die you respawn which takes ♥♥♥♥ing 100000000 years to load a minecraft pixled game and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is coming up all time with the bad reviews this game is worth no more then that ♥♥♥♥ing the most cancerious game i have ever played please people who are gay enough to read this go die ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't buy this peice of cancer cells.          They fix ♥♥♥♥ing skins and menu and gaming♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of doing hotfixes and bug fixing ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s man ♥♥♥♥ off and start fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing game you made ♥♥♥♥ing money baiters die
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	53.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								It gets more broken every time they try to do something it is ♥♥♥♥ing lame.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Feels and plays like a game from 2003
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash bought it literally a month ago and now it's ♥♥♥♥ing free. Highkey NOT over it.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	75.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've bought this game 2 times. First time I thought I was going to get both H1z1 King of the Hill and Just Survive. Literally the day after they split the game I got Just survive. When I bought H1z1 KOTK I deleted the game (I admit thats my dumbass fault) out of pure hatred of this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, I think I did this 6 months after I bought it. Bought it again because my friends kept bothering me about it, I gave in. The aiming is full on luck, the players are tiny silowets that you can't even see (not like pubg, at least you can see them from very far away) when far away. They keep changing the name, 1st H1z1 King of the Hill2nd H1z1 King of the Kill♥♥♥♥ing Now H1z1 This game should be called H1z1 Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!Yeah the game is supposedly gonna become free when it comes out of early access, I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Probably good if it does then you don't have to spend a cent on this piece of early access garbage.
Posted: November 21, 2017	0	2	None	38	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23
												The game is dead. There's simply no other words for it. I didn't play it when it first came out, cause I wasn't all that interested, but with the rise in popularity of battle-royales, I thought I'd give the OG a try.And I immediately regretted it. The playerbase is all professionals now. There's no room for growth, you either have already played the game for 1000+ hours, or you lose upon seconds of landing. Strategy is basically nonexistant, just drive a car full speed at someone, hop out right in front of them, then proceed to jump over there bullets while spamming your shotgun in their face. Cover means ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just like altitude, and loot is really only useful if it's the one everyone else is using. If you already have the game, and have been playing for a while, keep going. This game needs you guys to push the devs into fixing it. If you're new, don't bother. Wait to see if it gets revived, cause right now it isn't worth your time.
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	89.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	86.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very good game love it 10/10
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is horrible
Posted: October 25, 2017	2	2	None	129	11.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								WAITING SIMULATOR16/10 - WOULD BUY AGAIN
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	196.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								garbage xd, buy PUBG
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	4,234.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								why do u increase the ping limitation for AU region to asia server. now AU server is 100% dead.well done u fkn idiots. gg to these AU players
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	156.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Too many bugs for such a Game, can sometimes see behind the wall and go through locked doors/Wallssometimes when i switch from Inventory to Game then i cant move and shoot!!!!!!...  -minus.maybe i change my opinion but for now i cant recommend this Game.
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	15.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								在中国卖，有中文版，为什么还锁中国区？？？
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	900.2	Recommended	
Posted: September 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you are looking for good battle royale game, i recommend to buy this game ;)
Posted: October 25, 2017	0	2	None	129	727.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								<3 !!!!
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	371.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 23
												devs are the most ♥♥♥♥ing laziest people on the planet and they give zero ♥♥♥♥♥ about their game. this game will go to straight to the grave where it ♥♥♥♥ing belongs.
Posted: May 23	2	2	None	16	73.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								So, i have Pubg, got h1z1 long ago when it wasn't split into two games, over time built up a certain level of respect for h1z1 and found it to be very different and fun, of course with rampant hacking, but still. However, as i say i now have Pubg and would appreciate a refund for this game, please deposit it it into my clash of clans gem store, thankyou for your time.
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	45.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Terrible Engine, Boring Gameplay  I'd Say wait for Battlegrounds KOTK is overrated
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	20.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is still full of bugs. The creators of the game are doing nothing to fix them. They just enjoy the money!!! Dont buy it.
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 4
												Boring. Empty. Waste of time.
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	206.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	14.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								E fain ba e jmek ba dar e scump ba
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	75.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								I've bought this game 2 times. First time I thought I was going to get both H1z1 King of the Hill and Just Survive. Literally the day after they split the game I got Just survive. When I bought H1z1 KOTK I deleted the game (I admit thats my dumbass fault) out of pure hatred of this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, I think I did this 6 months after I bought it. Bought it again because my friends kept bothering me about it, I gave in. The aiming is full on luck, the players are tiny silowets that you can't even see (not like pubg, at least you can see them from very far away) when far away. They keep changing the name, 1st H1z1 King of the Hill2nd H1z1 King of the Kill♥♥♥♥ing Now H1z1 This game should be called H1z1 Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!Yeah the game is supposedly gonna become free when it comes out of early access, I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Probably good if it does then you don't have to spend a cent on this piece of early access garbage.
Posted: May 23	4	2	None	16	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								PUBGFortnite....LastManStanding...Some other random free to play crap...Minecraft...Playing dice with crack-heads in a dark alley...Still not this
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	205.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								nice game
Posted: February 9	3	2	None	5	3.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 9
Early Access Review
								-80% btw haHAA dead game :^)
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	5.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												♥♥♥♥♥ absolute garbage. What was once a fun zombie game has now split into two games, the one game they wanna add lootboxes into but dont want to optimise or put proper work into map development. Hell even PUBG has better map design. It suffers the same issues as PUBG, runs and looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ except PUBG is actually being optimised. It looks ugly, plays horribly, gun-play is horrendous and stiff. And above all, what was once a free-for-all zombie survival game, is now a complete hodgepodge. Now they want to push lootboxes and♥♥♥♥♥♥development on this horrible game. BUT THEY IGNORE THE GAME PEOPLE BOUGHT IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING FIRST PLACE? But still keep shitboxes in the survival game you abandoned.~Daybreak, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself.
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	8.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												This game is full of tryhards and it doesn`t have a ranking system. Begginers need to play versus diamonds. Fix your ranking and matchmaking system and then we talk.
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	1,227.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												litteraly not even worth trying... i have over 1200 hours and wont reccommend you even try it
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	54.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								    I just bought this game to play with my friends from japan. I didin't even care about the lag. It was OK for me. But, the last update came out. Now, we cannot play together anymore, because there is no middle server that we can play together, and the game prevents you to change server.    I contacted with the support. They said that ''Your connection is not enough for our game. Pleasei improve it''. Sorry but there are countries in which even if, you use the best internet, it may not be enough. They are saying that they are improving their servers, but the only thing that changes is just blocking the servers so that will just play low pinged servers for them.    This is just my opinions. If i cannot play this game with my friends anymore, obviosly, not playing the game, i will put a thumbs down on it.   THANK YOU.
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	15.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pubg better
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	86.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do you want something terribly optimized and Extremely buggy?Well i have the game for you then my friends.real amazing selling features:- terrible connection-terrible hit register-terrible graphics-terrible community-good reasons to smash your computer in ragebut don't worry there's more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, like the 5 min loading screens that nobody can live without, because that's day Breaks Philosophy, take a good game and ♥♥♥♥ it up to look like TANNER FOX, the ugliest cuntiest most known ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on youtube:=====D
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	58.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game is very good and stable. Graphic is awesome. Driving is little bit weird but also good. The crate system is cool, if you play you will get crate where you can find a skin. Hitbox is perfect. Guns are pretty. I love crossbow in this game.  Higly recommended for me.
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	2,019.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's pretty damn awesome, love it.
Posted: February 9	0	2	None	5	35.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Really good, really addictive and you should buy it now!
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	126.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								can some good company buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game please
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	8.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Spend 10 minutes in a lobby waiting. Die instantly if someone gets lucky and lands in a good spot. This game needs alot of work and balancing.Most of the time you fall through the map after parachuting and that is a death sentence because by the time it fixes everyone has weapons and you are jsut out in the open.
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	2,956.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								One of my favorite games in a LONG time
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	25.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lack of process!
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	83.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								they threw updates worth almost over 100gb but if you'd ask me, this game has not changed since its release. The map has changed once, the weapons/cars and gameplay in general is the same since the release. they never thought about adding one gun to the game. There's only a shotgun, an ak and an m4. The same bugs still occur after years. eg: parachute bug, car stil moves when you get out... Performance ? just don't think about running the game for more than 2 hours on max settings, ram usage will drastically increase and you'll have severe issues and drops. System spec: i5 7600 , gtx 1060, 8gb ram. I start off with around 130fps in the woods, around 100 in the city the first 30 minutes of gameplay. After around 2 hours i get like 90 everywhere but in the city i start getting drops to 60 which is not acceptable. I know it's still playable but the memory leaks are a huge problem in this game. Just run it on medium if you're planning on playing for more than an hour or two. PS: when pubg gets optimized i doubt this game will still hold its huge playerbase.
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	786.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								it is cool game and  i love to trade
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	957.5	Recommended	
Posted: September 25
												After the new leadership. This game isheading in nothing but the right direction. Its onloy the first build of the "rebuild" to PS3 and it's already so much more fun that it has been in over a year. So I'm leaving this positive review here for new players. The game hasn't been this "new Player" friendly in a long time. I'm just so happy to have my game back, ty Jace, Clegg and the entire gang. Cya in PV <3
Posted: January 25, 2017	2	2	None	56	318.8	Recommended	
Posted: September 23
												Heading back in the right direction :)
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	2.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 22
												I was never a part of this game PS3 but having come rather late into this game and after having played thousand of hours in PUBG and Fortnite I really find the format of H1Z1 very entertaining and especially with the recent changes to stear the game towards what it appparently was in PS3. The game is a lot of fun and a great variant of the BR genre.
Posted: January 25, 2017	0	2	None	56	224.0	Recommended	
Posted: September 24
												New update makes the game so much better
Posted: September 23	2	2	None	79	318.8	Recommended	
Posted: September 23
												Heading back in the right direction :)
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	2.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 22
												I was never a part of this game PS3 but having come rather late into this game and after having played thousand of hours in PUBG and Fortnite I really find the format of H1Z1 very entertaining and especially with the recent changes to stear the game towards what it appparently was in PS3. The game is a lot of fun and a great variant of the BR genre.
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	224.0	Recommended	
Posted: September 24
												New update makes the game so much better
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	3.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												wtf refund
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	235.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game way too ♥♥♥♥ing hard to play who the ♥♥♥♥ actually knows how to shoot in this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	485.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Over a million glitches, you try spending your weekend to have some fun with some friends and all you do is lose your time on your event as the glitches make it incredibly tedious and discouraging to enjoy playing.After this "Amazing Update"You try playing the new game mode - DisconnectedCountless games I've gone through, 5 minutes in and I can't shoot no more, I've tried many solutions of the old inventory trick, toggle view etc but nothing has solved this problem. If anyone has a solution please let me know. For a game I don't play enough that I enjoy, it's really ashame that I can't have atleast 1 hour of gametime to say that I've enjoyed my time playing h1z1. A real shame as it's a fun game but these glitches are incredibly painful, It makes me want to smack myself for even attempting to try and play another game. 
Posted: September 23	3	2	None	79	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Traded 2 fidget spinners for this game, not worth it
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												I will sincerely say it, ♥♥♥♥ this game. It is one of the worst games i have played. How can you play such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game with such♥♥♥♥♥♥recoil ? 4 example, i was behind a player. I Shot him very good, the crosshair was on his head, but he didn't died. He turned back and insta head shoted me. How ? Explain me.For such game.. it has been in developing 5 YEARS. I bought this game, it was on SALE, steam SALE. I bought it. 1-2 weeks after i bought it it got free on steam. And why ? I personally think they made it free just to make more players play it, because PUBG is already a succes and they should come with many many updates in H1, PUBG needs also some1 to conquer against. Unless the game is fixed, i don't recommend playing it. Sorry.
Posted: September 23	0	2	None	79	4.8	Recommended	
Posted: May 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Awesome
Posted: September 23	1	2	None	79	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								IT CHANGED I MISS WAT IT WAS 
Posted: July 19	0	2	None	90	28.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 19
												its free to play now... really!!!! go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. i want my money back then.
Posted: July 19	1	2	None	90	1,497.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 25
												Great game all around. I’ve got over a thousand hours in it and still enjoy it as much as I did whenever I first started. Very well balanced as it is now, and the community is always reaching out to devs (who listen) about making the game better and even more fair to new players :)
Posted: July 19	0	2	None	90	691.5	Recommended	
Posted: January 31
Early Access Review
								First standalone Battleroyale game, inspired by Arma Mods. Good game, but need reprogramming for DX12 and adding GSYNC compatibility. I can only play it with VSYNG so theres no thering nor framedrops. Also i miss times when one was able to set DINPUT device, like a stearing wheel, as a secondary keybind. Need less skins, more animations, recoil smoothing and verrying, adding lil bit of sway. Right now its too arcady. Basicly needs to learn from newcomers like PUBG, Scum, Hunt Showdown. Also, would use more maps, to make it more interesting to grind the leaderboards.
Posted: July 19	5	2	None	90	8.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												give money back
Posted: July 19	0	2	None	90	2.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 9
												Well, in my opinion, PUBG and Fortine is better that this until H1Z1's fixed. -_-Oh & BTW, DO NOT WASTE MONEY ON THIS! Don't do it until it's f2p
Posted: July 19	1	2	None	90	26.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I want a refund. They say that this game was going to become free-to-play, then say after that it's not. So I go and buy the game... 2 Years later, they make it free. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t studio, overall... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Don't invest in this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: July 19	1	2	None	90	1.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 8
												I like it, its like pubg but more.... its not as glitchy as pubg
Posted: July 19	1	2	None	90	239.0	Recommended	
Posted: July 8
												Games great, enjoyable..people who say the game is trash is people who just say it because thats all they hear around them from toxic people....LOL
Posted: July 19	2	2	None	90	252.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 6
												Well what can i say... This game is trash
Posted: July 19	0	2	None	90	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 10
												can't long to play
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	15.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cons:• Hit detection is god awful• You get no reward for winning, nothing• Have to pay to open "crates"Pros:• Get to make your character look like something from a gay pride parade.5/10
Posted: January 19, 2017	1	2	None	136	51.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 12
												i hate this game so much, ugghf, its unplayable feel like i want a refund paid $14 for this game now its a free game wtf and so ruined ..............cough ............. cough .........refund plz
Posted: January 19, 2017	1	2	None	136	240.1	Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								spierdolona gra narawde buguja sie tekstury gra nie ma nic na celu polecam lepiej pubga 
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 23
												The game is dead. There's simply no other words for it. I didn't play it when it first came out, cause I wasn't all that interested, but with the rise in popularity of battle-royales, I thought I'd give the OG a try.And I immediately regretted it. The playerbase is all professionals now. There's no room for growth, you either have already played the game for 1000+ hours, or you lose upon seconds of landing. Strategy is basically nonexistant, just drive a car full speed at someone, hop out right in front of them, then proceed to jump over there bullets while spamming your shotgun in their face. Cover means ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just like altitude, and loot is really only useful if it's the one everyone else is using. If you already have the game, and have been playing for a while, keep going. This game needs you guys to push the devs into fixing it. If you're new, don't bother. Wait to see if it gets revived, cause right now it isn't worth your time.
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	38.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 2
												I want my money back!!!
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	12.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								They destroyed a great game
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	407.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Terrible devs terrible game
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	323.9	Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												If you are tired of PUBG and Fortnite. This is a good 3rd option to go to when you feel like both of the top BR's have failed you and you need something different. H1Z1 used to be a really good game, some devs make bad moves but I can tell that they are passionately trying their best to make this game bounce back and better. If you are new to the H1 community, start off with Combat Training practice and eventually move into the BR part. I don't think H1 can have the player base it once had, but I think it can bounce back and hold a decent player base if the right moves are made.
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	5.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								worste game ever
Posted: January 19, 2017	0	2	None	136	162.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
Early Access Review
								The worst ♥♥♥♥ing uppdates in the history of gaming, ♥♥♥♥ this game
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game started as a mediocre DayZ clone, which is something the world needed back in 2014- however, 2014 is exactly where this game stayed as the lovely Developement Team over at Daybreak saw the $$$ they made when "Battle Royale" got popular and the team got VERY comfortable with how the game performed for about 3 years. Here is a short list of what has been added in the time since:-Skins-More colorful user interfaces...-From their eyes, all the people who were gonna buy the game, already had. And their precious, jump-shooting around-corners-game stayed pretty much the same until this year. (same 3 guns to use, same cars, same content) (Seriously, how ♥♥♥♥ing miserable would you have to be to play the exact same game for that long. Who is their target audience????)Up until 2017 the devs LITERALLY DIDNT SEE DEVELOPING THEIR GAME AS A PRIORITY and this is the biggest mistake they could have made. One that was easily taken advantage of by anyone willing to invest in properly "stealing away" the audience that was fed up with Daybreak by this time.Thankfully, other people saw the game going down this path and decided not to tie their existence/careers to something ran by people so obviously fat jewish and lazy. ThePlayerUnknown was one of these people. His team made a game 200x better than this wacky♥♥♥♥♥shit that no one plays anymore. So s/o To PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds- buy that.TL;DR: The devs didnt see this game as worth improving until "ThePlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds" came out, and was INFINITELY BETTER- GO BUY THAT.
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	238.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 8, 2017
												I paid for this game, my favorite battle royal game just to have it get region blocked. Now I am forced to play PUBG. Fix your ping restrictions ffs man.
Posted: April 14, 2017	1	2	None	93	39.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Complete trash, more things don't work than work. Voice chat isn't working, ping is 2.4k, new crosshair system is aids, cars are way too op, if you dont get one you might aswell just leave, and getting stuck under map is the icing on the cake. I'd rather wipe my♥♥♥♥♥with the money than buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ever again.
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								game lagggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
Posted: April 14, 2017	1	2	None	93	11.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
Early Access Review
								Argh, Go for PUBG. Sure its more expensive but H1 has lost it's magic. Patchs should be working on improving the game, the graphics feel♥♥♥♥♥♥ there is a limited variety of anything, cars weapons, house designs etc. Patchs focus on skins and ignore the important aspects. Sorry H1
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Early Access Review
								Australian Servers are DEAD.
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	73.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2
Early Access Review
								I guess if u want to waste 20 euro was good for a while very short while just get fortnite or something
Posted: April 14, 2017	2	2	None	93	114.3	Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								ngelag kontlo
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24
												After waiting for about 20 minutes to get enough people for a Battle royale and still not getting enough people in I decided to uninstall.
Posted: April 14, 2017	0	2	None	93	1,225.9	Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 King of the Bug, loading siumulator for 20 Euros but i love IT:3333 Edited it's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t don't buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥it's waste of money better buy me some hoes or cocaine
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	77.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 21, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game.. battlegrounds is taking over
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	1,227.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												litteraly not even worth trying... i have over 1200 hours and wont reccommend you even try it
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	54.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								    I just bought this game to play with my friends from japan. I didin't even care about the lag. It was OK for me. But, the last update came out. Now, we cannot play together anymore, because there is no middle server that we can play together, and the game prevents you to change server.    I contacted with the support. They said that ''Your connection is not enough for our game. Pleasei improve it''. Sorry but there are countries in which even if, you use the best internet, it may not be enough. They are saying that they are improving their servers, but the only thing that changes is just blocking the servers so that will just play low pinged servers for them.    This is just my opinions. If i cannot play this game with my friends anymore, obviosly, not playing the game, i will put a thumbs down on it.   THANK YOU.
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	15.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pubg better
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	86.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 9, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do you want something terribly optimized and Extremely buggy?Well i have the game for you then my friends.real amazing selling features:- terrible connection-terrible hit register-terrible graphics-terrible community-good reasons to smash your computer in ragebut don't worry there's more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, like the 5 min loading screens that nobody can live without, because that's day Breaks Philosophy, take a good game and ♥♥♥♥ it up to look like TANNER FOX, the ugliest cuntiest most known ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on youtube:=====D
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	58.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game is very good and stable. Graphic is awesome. Driving is little bit weird but also good. The crate system is cool, if you play you will get crate where you can find a skin. Hitbox is perfect. Guns are pretty. I love crossbow in this game.  Higly recommended for me.
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	2,019.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's pretty damn awesome, love it.
Posted: March 21, 2017	1	2	None	53	27.6	Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								I've had mixed opinions about this game, I bought it during alpha, and always enjoyed the game but thought it lacked certain things..after KOTK's recent update (9/20) I have to say im finally impressed..  
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	115.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 29
												I used to play this when just survive and kokt (h1z1) were combined and just "H1Z1" This game was great in season 3. But the devs ruined the game.
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								It is Real Crap, and its funny that it wont let me connect to EU with 220 ping but auto connects me to asia with 400 ping!
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	1,388.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
												Best game I've ever played but got ruined when the ''Combat Update'' came in around Pre-Season 5 that destroyed the animations, movement models, weapons, colors and more further on.I bought the game in Pre-Season 4 and tried it somtimes but started playing serious at Pre-Season 6 and then I thought that the game was pretty ok, but then Daybreak implemented more movement and recoil changes that kinda destroyed the game for me, also with the new ranking system in Season ONE now. I still got Royalty but not Royalty 1 and I would've gotten that with the old system.They also changed the UI that just didn't look good at around Season ONE and lost the clean purple theme.I love this game but it just didn't get treated well, I also took this game competitive and sometimes I just raged to hard and talked to much♥♥♥♥♥♥because I thought I was superior but now when I've taken a huge break and started to play more Fortnite and CS as example I've stopped being so serious all the time and just take it as a game for once and for all.I'm more positive now and don't like to insult people like in H1Z1 I did before because I thought I was better, I don't like to take risks to discriminate neither do I like when people discriminate when I'm there and the victim also is there and takes it as offensive, Fortnite isn't a competitive game for me and I can just have fun joking around with my friends all night long. ''Fortnite all night'' lulWorth buying it but now since it's gone free to play and with the updates that killed the game and the small player base I just don't wanna grind it anymore. I remember I grinded this game so hard, that's why I have 1,4K hours in this game, because I loved it and played it all day cuz it just felt so good and I thought I was gonna get somewhere with my skill and I did actually achieve some nice high kill wins and the highest rank ingame.Thanks Daybreak for this game but not for the updates that kinda ''killed'' the game.
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	31.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 11
												Dead but still alright to play. I still prefer it to PUBG
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	187.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Gun sounds are sh*t. AR sounds like You in the garage shooting the nails with the nail gun but few time louder. Aim still bad. Devs adds something new all the time, show that they are "working" on the gameplay, and its destroying the game more and more.. When they sow that game is litteraly dieing, they started to watch what ppl want. But that aint gonna save the game. Just lead to less and less players with every update. Giveing this game strong 4/10 rating. Since it was great game years a go. Now.. Now its just few pros left in it that still holding this game community here. Sad but this game will never gonna leave EARLY ACCESS mode and will end up like Day Z.. Payed 20$ for it when it came out( H1Z1 - BR and Survival together as 1 game) and now both are dead games in the library.. But now I badly regret buying this game. Hadint listen to my friend when she told me to wait.. RIP.. DO not waste Ur money rether buy PUBG. ;)
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	57.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just fun to play, but accept all of these bugs that I see mostly every single match that I play.
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	605.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								its a bad game they will update it till there is no game left!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just get PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS instead of this.
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 11
												Nice game
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	282.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Somehow manage to ♥♥♥♥ up the shotgun every single patch
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	20.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								god game
Posted: November 29, 2017	4	2	None	10	26.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								In my personal opinion - hell no.I thought that battle royal could be fun, well now I don't think so.-90% of all you time will be spent for looting and running, next 10% will be spent by frequently dying.-There is not a single way to get better (like some special mods) - there is only a training mode where is literaly no loot.-The better PC you have = the better chance to survive: If you have better pc - the loading will be quicker = you will land   before the ''potato pc'' can even see the fuc*ing ground.-Weapons have really mad spray pattern: most of the time you will just spam the frickin' mouse button faster than EA trying to sell you DLC.After all -it would be slightly better than cancer if I only knew how to play it. 
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	2.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								What a piece of crap... if you wnat to buy a game, go a buy something else, this game is only hype, crap and lose of time and money.
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	6.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Honestly I will trash talk this game only becasue it is trash, see the gun play is so ♥♥♥♥ed up that you can put 10 rounds into a man with nothing but a shirt and he can then 1 shot you with a magnum when you have "the best" gear, and on top of that you either die to players with 400+ hours and all the "best" skins; or you get killed by a guy from EU jumping and lagging his♥♥♥♥♥off with a shotgun, to some players it's their cup of tea and others will say "you just cant shoot lol get good" no see its the fact that your up against people who jump lag shot you with a shotgun or they 1 shot you from ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere. and if none of that happens to you, you will get hit by a car, some times its fun sometimes its frustrating, one thing that would make it enjoyable for me is if "Training" was locked at level 5+                                                                                                                                You can polish garbage, but its still garbage.
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	462.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is fun to play and highly enjoyable  but there are many bugs  .The company does not care about fixing the game and they dont listen to their customers review .They only care of providing skins instead of fixing the game.
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	506.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Why is it that this game has been out for so long, yet with every update it progressively gets worse? FIX YOUR GAME.... It is the least you guys can do since you decided to add micro transactions too, greedy ♥♥♥♥s.
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	662.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								fix the game please... it crashes all the time....
Posted: October 29, 2016	1	2	None	58	137.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Every time I play this game i get closer and closer to suicide
Posted: October 29, 2016	1	2	None	58	11.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dead community on Australia region. Don't even touch this if you're from AUS server region.
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								The old PUBG, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥i wouldn't buy it if it cost .99 cents:(((((
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	2.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								its so nice to play this game makes me feel great 
Posted: October 29, 2016	0	2	None	58	42.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24
												i want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	855.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												GREAT GAME!
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	13.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												Game is at it's best, it's such an awesome game, I got it for free obviously when it went Free2play, I never knew this game is that addictive and awesome, especially the autoroyale mode, before getting my hand into this game I thought this is the ♥♥♥♥♥how version of PUBG, but it turns out to be as fun as PUBG can deliever, it's worth the download, this game is just FUN!
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	194.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												nice
Posted: March 8	1	2	None	67	7.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												My grandson loves this game! He said its like "fortnite and pubg had a small opium addicted child" and its free to play! The servers are no longer dead! Its a fun time for the kids.
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	12.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Dobrá hra ale tie hitboxy :D A tá realistika ? 0 bodov :D
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	284.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I've been playing H1Z1 for two years, way before the rebranding. I have seen it evolve, devolve, and so on. I have seen the game at highs, and real lows, but I have to say that now, the game feels extremely fun again. I know it was a hard road to get it to where it is, and there is still work to be done, but the game feels good again. I actually look forward to grinding solos, and blowing off some steam with Auto Royale.H1Z1 is very different from other battle royale games, that essentially try to share the same gameplay. I feel rewarded again for wins, leveling, and putting in hours upon hours into the game. Give this game a try. It may get frustrating at times, but it is a true competitive game where practice can actually improve your fun. I love this game, and will continue to stick with it.
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	85.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												i sure am gay
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	3.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												Movements are a bit stiff, and since you can die easily, especially because of the between the two parties, the third gains paradigm (you manage to kill one, then another one pops out of nowhere and kills you), the loading times could be optimised more.But overall, it's a valid and free alternative to PUBG.
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	9.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 13
												cheaters, cheaters everywherewe spend $20 on this gameAND YOU NOW F2P ? ♥♥♥♥ you
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	67	3.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												most of the bad reviews are from people who bought the game earlier and arent happy about it. thats pretty sad for them but.. thats not what you should care about. the gameplay in here is solid. graphics and fps is good. play this. its free and fun
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	17.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 24
												i paid for this gmae and now its free
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19, 2017
Product received for free
												This game fails in every aspect as a BR game. I know its trendy and cool to hate on it, but as someone who is NOT 1. ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the game going free (like come on, as consumers, you need to take personally responsibility. You bought the game because you determined for yourself that it was worth the price and that you trusted the devs to handle the development of the game responsibly) and 2. because I have issues running the game. The game runs fine and seems optimized enough on my i5 + gtx 980 system.Here's however, why I would not recommend the game:1. Gunplay and aiming seems strange. There's a shakiness to it, not like the "realism" sway of ARMA but more jelloey and exaggerated like going to bat with a SR3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥2. Lack of variety. a) Skins are just the same article of clothing with a different pattern on it, and there are very few types of clothing. Why would I want 20 of the same helmet with a different design on it? There are a few things like halloween masks that stray from this rule, but for the most part, it doesn't encourage me to collect. b) weapons-- as far as I know, there are five: shotty, pistol, semi AR, full auto AR and SMG. No scopes or attachments. That makes for very drab gameplay even if you can carry 3 guns at a time. Also only two types of backpacks, one type of headgear.3. Lack of players. 4k players playing but only <20 per lobby that takes 5 minutes to fill up. The world also feel empty. I recall that H1Z1 used to be a zombie game and I half expected to encounter some. It feels so dead even without... the dead lumbering around. It took me around 10 minutes to find my first enemy and the combat was extremely spazzy for the reasons mentioned earlier. 4. Lack of originality. There is nothing inspiring about this game. It doesn't have the charm of even PUBG inspired games like Fortnite that became its own hit sensation because it brought its own gameplay mechanics in addition to riding off PUBG's coat tails. H1Z1 started as a completely different game and only jumped on the BR bandwagon and although you can argue Fortnite did the same thing, H1Z1 is, plain and simple, a gutted PUBG.
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	46.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 28
												Remeber the times when this games was good, now its complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ cant even change options, and half the time i cant click in the menu...... GG how to ruin a game
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	10.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Uninstalling! One of the worst games I have ever played! I feel so sorry for anyone who has wasted money on this even on special! I have a decent PC I can play GTA5 on high settings but this game is so poorly optimized I get lag even on the lowest settings! Save ya money and go and play "Last Man Standing" A FREE version of this that actually works! Or better yet if you can afford it get pubg. I heard such good things about this game awhile back but now it is simply a JOKE. I'm not one to write a Review just to nit pick but this game is coming up a year old and just needs a good burial. I hope you see this before purchasing ! If not I'm sorry you got so ripped off even if it's only $7 on sale...
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 21
												lobbys are long and the severs are poor 
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 6
												it sucked
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	24.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dog♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	20.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 22
												This game is trash ;)
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	488.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9
												Okay. I loved this game more then anything in the world from early 2017 till september 2017. The game was perfect other then a few bugs that you could ignore, the game was popular 80-100k all the time. I could get 170 in an Aus match. The game was great, pro players Stormen, Eyrctriceps etc said they got bored of horizontal shooting and wanted something more skill based so you couldn't be sprayed down the devs decided to listen to them and put in bloom and then vertical recoil.Since august 27th 2017 the game was broken, slowed down movement so you could out play others. recoil that made no sense and made spray even worse and colours were not vibrant and colourful. They made the game realistic. It was an instant failure for the game, players left 150k july-80k in september. 70k lost in a month. Ended up bringing horizontal back but it wasn't the same. Weapon model looked like the life like weapons and sounded like life like sounds, movement changed again but it felt like playing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pubg. It was all over. in a desperate attempt to bring the game back the devs made the game f2p (free to play). This didn't do to much but we went from 10k-16k. I myself have left h1z1 and I play fortnite, an amazing battle royale. I would move on to either pubg or fortnite as they are good games. Anyone still playing leave, it is a waste of time believe me.
Posted: June 24	0	2	None	46	112.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 7
												Was fun, now its♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	299.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is riddled with bugs and daybreak care more about lining their pockets than fixing game breaking bugs. Don't waste your time.
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	362.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								No review here, just a promise. If i ever see a daybreak employee, i'm literally going to pull out my pocket knife and stab them x256 times, then spit on the grond they lay.
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	33.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game... This game is one of the best, buggiest and fun i've played in a long time. This game is full of people that are absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and psychoistic, though that is the thing that makes the game a hell of a lot of fun. I mean, The community is one of the things that makes this game one hell of a ride to play. 
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	39.0	Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun as hell.
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	385.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do not play this game! It cant be broken more then it is now!
Posted: January 5, 2017	1	2	None	35	1,984.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								H1Z1:KING OF BUGG
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	390.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								As someone who has played this game from the beginner with close to 1k hours with the old game and new one combined I think I can finally write a good review. This game has got to be the most pathetic game a human being could invest their money in. After like 3 years of this game being out they finally made a combat zone to practice your aim and such. I enjoy playing that and recommend people to play it. But stop there. DO NOT GO INTO AN ACTUAL GAME. If you play 5s, there are no aim battles. Its a bunch of pathetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who just rush you with the broken shotgun. Sometimes you got one pumped through armour and helmet. Sometimes it takes 4 shots to kill someone without armour with the shotgun. Its not an aim battle either. Just run inside of eachother till this♥♥♥♥♥♥gun finally connects a shot. If you play doubles you get pinched every fight because everyone has their own car. If you get hit once get ready for the shotgun battle because its inneviatble. Don't loot AR's cuz you dont get to use them anyway. Just get a shotgun and prepare for the anal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Solo's aren't too bad other than the fact that you only get to have shotgun battles because no one can have normal AR battles. Then if you do manage to get an AR fight, you better thank Thor for it because its the only one youre gonna get, you get grenades thrown at your tree or vehicle every time so its not a fair battle anyway. The devs just release ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crates and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ events. They don't know how to make a game that everyone is telling them exactly how to make. its a bunch of sad little men who clearly don't have the IQ to think properly. Its just sad. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME unless you have a fetish for downloading games and refunding them within an hour. 10/10 would NEVER recommend this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I hope everyone at DAYBREAK gets held at gunpoint and forced to play there game nonstop for a month. I think its our only hope of ever getting a half decent game. GET A GRIP DAYBREAK!
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	23.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								TERRIBLE GAME  
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	1,686.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								good game would rate 10/10
Posted: January 5, 2017	0	2	None	35	638.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								bom
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	68.6	Recommended	
Posted: May 19
												Very good and fun. Better than fortnite and pubg.
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1,434.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19, 2017
												New updates make this game to trash.Free to play ?! Why ? because the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Give money back, because this game free to play, and trash too!
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	4.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												how do you get a refund cuase that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Posted: May 19	1	2	None	36	286.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 19
												Nice to see a game for 20 € going Free2Play. That's how you troll the players.
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	5.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 19
												i want my money back.
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Sh!t optimisation for lower spec pc's, gameplay good but hackers...
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	259.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 10
												The game was awesome before 1 year. But Daybreak Games destroy it :( Game is now unplayable for a while and I hope that they will realize wich mistake they have made in this game and realize what they made with this game.From begins, I really supported this game because I love it but when PUBG became on market for the same prize they tried to stabilize prize on minimum to let players prefer buy H1Z1 than PUBG and also they destroyed this game with upgrades to make game as much good as PUBG.Now its awful its♥♥♥♥♥♥if it's for 20$ or for free this game is now totally dead and I miss old times ....
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1,686.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								good game would rate 10/10
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	638.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								bom
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								AHAHAHAH NO NO NO
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	4,590.9	Recommended	
Posted: October 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								10/10
Posted: October 11, 2017	1	2	None	60	0.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Tried to log into my account, failed because I need to log into my original account. Tried to log into my original account and couldn't remember password. Tried to reset password on original account, failed; contact customer support. Can't contact customer support because I need to log into my account to do so, and my alternate account won't work for it. Overall 10/10 comcast simulator.
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	92.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Possibly the worlds ♥♥♥♥♥iest game created....I am so disappointed on how this turned out after they decided to ♥♥♥♥ up and make the previous one game into two by splitting it into survival and KOTK. I do not recommend this game for anyone that has anger management issues because you will be ticked off and start smashing♥♥♥♥♥♥whenever you land and get killed right away by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that has already full gear and an AR...♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	287.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								garbage
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	7.8	Recommended	
Posted: September 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								lol its goodjust i find funny people sayin that h1z1 copy pubg while h1z1 came out first and its the same developeri just rather play h1z1 idk justbuy if you cant afforrd 30$ game xD
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	99.9	Recommended	
Posted: January 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great game :)
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	2.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												De cacat
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	809.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								300 hours in, time to make a review.Starting H1Z1 is VERY hard and frustrating. Everybody seems so god like at the game and will destroy you whether by shotgun rushing, two tapping, nading, etc. But, H1 is so satisfying when your doing good and getting kills. If you want to be good at this game you have to spend a lot of time mastering the different guns (recoil, range, bullet drop). You also will need to learn how to play the aggresive style gameplay.PROS:Fast paced, instant action, a lot more enemies than PUBG or Fortnite.Very funFights last longer and require a lot more movement and aim skills than in PUBG, etc.Worth its money.Pretty good optimization (could be better)Camping isn't really a viable option in this game.CONS:Toxicity, a lot of players are toxic even if they win the fight.Daybreak makes some stupid decisions when it comes to the updates and keeping the game relevent.Shotgun is inconsistentPlayers are way too good at this game.Small weapon pool.CONCLUSION:I personally think that this game is worth it's money. I myself am a fast paced player that is aggresive and likes getting into fights quickly. I am not saying that competing games (PUBG and Fortnite) are bad, I am just stating that this game has a bigger skillgap then the others and it fits my play style and I get more FPS on this too. If you are going to pick this game up. You should watch H1Z1 Oddshots and popular streamers to see their settings, playstyles, gun controls, and pick up some tips a long the way.  
Posted: October 11, 2017	0	2	None	60	303.5	Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								rip h1z1
Posted: October 11, 2017	2	2	None	60	7.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								very bad game ever
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	12.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								They destroyed a great game
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	407.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Terrible devs terrible game
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	12.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Guy can one tap me with a pistol while I'm wearing armor and a helmet, but I can't kill him with a headshot close range with a shotgun when he's wearing noting. This is legitimately unplayable at this point.
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	336.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												smek rau de tot moca
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	21.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												I like this game but i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥payed 20 dollars for it and now its free.is it free for an amounth of time ? 
Posted: February 1, 2017	3	2	None	142	358.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is way to ♥♥♥♥ed up you lag you ♥♥♥♥ing get ♥♥♥♥ed up infinite loading screen and when you are ingame you reload and it automatically stops you die you respawn which takes ♥♥♥♥ing 100000000 years to load a minecraft pixled game and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is coming up all time with the bad reviews this game is worth no more then that ♥♥♥♥ing the most cancerious game i have ever played please people who are gay enough to read this go die ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't buy this peice of cancer cells.          They fix ♥♥♥♥ing skins and menu and gaming♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of doing hotfixes and bug fixing ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s man ♥♥♥♥ off and start fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing game you made ♥♥♥♥ing money baiters die
Posted: February 1, 2017	1	2	None	142	2,412.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Will be a great game in the future if Daybreak can get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	75.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best game :D
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								There's no real training mode (although there is a training option on the main menu which seems to lead nowhere) so the only way you can learn how to play is the 10 seconds you're alive at the start of a round before an experienced player kills you while you try to figure out how to equip the gun if you're lucky enough to even find one. Not my kind of fun.
Posted: February 1, 2017	0	2	None	142	1,713.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								I have no idea what the hell this game has come to, it was so great, and it got totally ruined.Playing solos is no fun anymore, the game has lot's of D-SYNC, Microstutters, it's got it all.Dev's don't really care much, they just release a new crate when they need money, and they certainly never f*cking ever listen to the community. They change things in-game, no one ever asked for.This game isn't the game i fell in love with, this isn't the game all the Z1 players fell in love with.I would NOT recommend you to buy this game, since you can never get used to a single patch, before they change something.Don't waste your money, and time, like i did.
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	14.6	Recommended	
Posted: February 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								I honestly thought this was the best open world zombie survival game ive played until they updated the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. its honestly a pretty solid game for what it is, i do like the battle royale mode quite a lot. its main downfall i feel is its trying to be too much like tf2 and CS go with the aesthetics, it doesent really work in my opinion, but despite all that, it is a pretty good game. It also has much better graphics than a lot of these games like Day Z and infestation.
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	613.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								 Dont but this game, developer dont care about the fan base and PUBG is better.
Posted: February 16, 2017	7	2	None	89	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												♥♥♥♥♥ PURE♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy it if you don't want to regret at the end
Posted: February 16, 2017	1	2	None	89	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29
												The game I paid for being cancelled but this is being left. what a joke!If you are going to cancel a game at least allow the few who still love the game to run our own servers.My presonal view: I will NEVER buy anything from these devs. so gutted!
Posted: February 16, 2017	2	2	None	89	18.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7
												Lol.
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 3
												This game is the result of bait & switch. With the shuttering of Just Survive, the reason I bought H1Z1 (before it split), I cannot have faith in Daybreak or Sony. Just another buggy battle royale moneygrab. It's a shame too.
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7
												I bought H1Z1 back when it launched as a surviving zombie game, and it had server issues like hell but gameplay was smooth fps was better than the other survival games in zombie genre (dayz) i was pleased with the big map , always checked update for better animations on zombies and more living world.. but overall i had fun.. Then the battle royal thing came along and i hate it, ive never been a br fan, and never will.. cool concept just not for me! then they split the game in 2.. every update seemed focus on br version and h1z1 was not survival game no more.. it changed name to Just survive.. then i knew we would see a stop to the survival game since the br version was much more popular.. I am really sad even though i have not tried just survive in a while, i was actually still years after checking for update, then going back to it have my fun then log out.. I will do not recommend this game at all they dropped the baby they started creating just in the bin.. br model went to ps4.. why not try JUST SURVIVE on ps4, there are not any big zombie survival games on ps4 that i know, maybe you could hold the market with it.. for a while.. i would have tried it atleast! Well saw it coming and its kinda sad in a strange way! What do you guys think?
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	79.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 7
												They f*cked us over.
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
												I can't even play this darn game because there is an error and I do not understand why! If I can't even play the game, I aint recommending it!
Posted: February 16, 2017	0	2	None	89	14.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								fix this game plz
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	4.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												h1z1 is the core battle royal game with decent graphics and gameplay. I persoally enjoy it but if I had to choose between PUBG or H1Z1 I would choose the former. PUBG has more possibilities such as more weapons and vehicles. But if you like bright (kinda cell shaded games) I reccomend H1Z1.
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	701.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Its Aight
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	14.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												stop stop polizei
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	855.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												GREAT GAME!
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	13.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												Game is at it's best, it's such an awesome game, I got it for free obviously when it went Free2play, I never knew this game is that addictive and awesome, especially the autoroyale mode, before getting my hand into this game I thought this is the ♥♥♥♥♥how version of PUBG, but it turns out to be as fun as PUBG can deliever, it's worth the download, this game is just FUN!
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	194.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												nice
Posted: March 11	1	2	None	25	7.2	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												My grandson loves this game! He said its like "fortnite and pubg had a small opium addicted child" and its free to play! The servers are no longer dead! Its a fun time for the kids.
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	12.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Dobrá hra ale tie hitboxy :D A tá realistika ? 0 bodov :D
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	284.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I've been playing H1Z1 for two years, way before the rebranding. I have seen it evolve, devolve, and so on. I have seen the game at highs, and real lows, but I have to say that now, the game feels extremely fun again. I know it was a hard road to get it to where it is, and there is still work to be done, but the game feels good again. I actually look forward to grinding solos, and blowing off some steam with Auto Royale.H1Z1 is very different from other battle royale games, that essentially try to share the same gameplay. I feel rewarded again for wins, leveling, and putting in hours upon hours into the game. Give this game a try. It may get frustrating at times, but it is a true competitive game where practice can actually improve your fun. I love this game, and will continue to stick with it.
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	25	85.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												i sure am gay
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	195.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								The most bugged game there is on steam! If you want to be xrashed everytime you find a game go ahead and buy this one! Perfect bugs, noobs and crashes. GG EZ
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	338.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								game full of bugs
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	74.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								- the fps is pretty jumpy all of a sudden in the newer updates compared to when i first played it under a year ago - the combat honestly is so arcade like and basically pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥that it is just annoying to play i swear bullets just dont go where the ♥♥♥♥ing cross hair actually is- most of the players that still play this game are very good and makes learning impossible since ive found most of the time you just spawn land and die in a short amount of time in packet areas while if you land in less populated areas you live for a while and then die to the first person you find... im not sure how to actually combat this annoyance for newer players. there is a practice modebut its just♥♥♥♥♥♥since lot doesnt respawn that fast and you will just find tones of areas where people just camp and trust me its just pretty bad... try it if you dont believe me (once you shoot people just come out their holes and shot you to♥♥♥♥♥♥- the fact you can jump out of moving cars is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...- shotguns are just too inconsistent to be considered a good/solid secondary in my opinion- i felt like the developers tried to sqeeze in the newer updates just as soon as PUBG came out shows something there- MOST IMPORTANT THING IMO --- THE MICRO TRANSACTIONS ARE SUCH ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T AND THEY ARE ON TOP BEING AIDS WAY TOO EXPENSIVE SHOWS HOW MONEY GRABBING THEY ARE - btw they promised that this game would have been free to play when they were making the game.... i still see a price tag and micro transactions so i mean they just completely lied. - i dont like how winning games doesnt give you anything at all unlike pubg with its battle points system However on the brighter side it can be a fun game to mess around with friends if you dont care about winning or caring about actually killing other players.
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	4.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												this game ripped my off when i bought the game i tried making a acount for an hour and it wouldnt work
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	128.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												trash
Posted: February 10, 2017	1	2	None	137	440.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												waste of money. dont buy it
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	192.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 27
												Pay back the money还钱
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	5.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Buy this when the bugs are fixed
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								stuck on loading screen. 10/10
Posted: February 10, 2017	0	2	None	137	29.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game with a lot of bugs. 4/10
Posted: November 24, 2016	0	2	None	71	703.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Still pretty amazing game, even though the player base INSANELY drop I still enjoy this game to what it's like compared to other BR games.
Posted: November 24, 2016	0	2	None	71	20.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								god game
Posted: November 24, 2016	4	2	None	71	26.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								In my personal opinion - hell no.I thought that battle royal could be fun, well now I don't think so.-90% of all you time will be spent for looting and running, next 10% will be spent by frequently dying.-There is not a single way to get better (like some special mods) - there is only a training mode where is literaly no loot.-The better PC you have = the better chance to survive: If you have better pc - the loading will be quicker = you will land   before the ''potato pc'' can even see the fuc*ing ground.-Weapons have really mad spray pattern: most of the time you will just spam the frickin' mouse button faster than EA trying to sell you DLC.After all -it would be slightly better than cancer if I only knew how to play it. 
Posted: November 24, 2016	0	2	None	71	6.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6
												its to hard to get into when you die every match
Posted: November 24, 2016	1	2	None	71	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								SHIT
Posted: November 24, 2016	1	2	None	71	25.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								good but some clitches
Posted: November 24, 2016	1	2	None	71	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31
												Do I get a refund or something???? I just checked my steam library and first I saw a appreciation pack, but I would appreciate my money back please.
Posted: November 24, 2016	1	2	None	71	70.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Theres a reason this game has negative views. Daybreak doesnt fix♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: November 24, 2016	2	2	None	71	252.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 6
												Well what can i say... This game is trash
Posted: November 24, 2016	0	2	None	71	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 10
												can't long to play
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	6.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is not worth buying. It will get boring in few matches, the reason for it is simply that you can't choose a place on the map where to land, the game chooses it for you. The map is so big that if you don't find a car you are pretty much done, unless you start running without looting and then you will die after running for 5 minutes. That is my opinion. I regret spending 3 euros for this.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	63.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hey instead of making more updates for microtransactions why don't fix the game that's riddled with bugs
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	436.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH TRASH TRASHTRASH TRASH
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												how the ♥♥♥♥ do i get into a game with 100 people not 3is there something i havent downloaded like this is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: December 16, 2017	1	2	None	113	810.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Had so much fun when the game first came out and they have changed so much since then and for some people it may be in a postive way but for most they have completely changed the entire game to what it used to be.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29
												Completely abandoned by the developers. All the good stuff being transferred over to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PS4 Port. (It's so awful, believe me.)
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	24.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												Not worth.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	18.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2
												I'll never do the mistake again to buy from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game company, which doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about their community and their games. Good job, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ;) ....U've already got a lot of money. I hope u'll lose all the money and do nothing with them.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	246.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24
												If I were writing this review 1 year ago, I would say you'd be stupid NOT to buy this game. It was so much fun, then Daybreak ruined it by adding unnecessary changes (Ex. Hellfire, Minimap, Map Change, Hitmarkers, Etc...). I'm not saying the game is unplayable, but when it takes you 4 minutes for a lobby to even start, thats what I hesitate to recommend this game.
Posted: December 16, 2017	0	2	None	113	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 30
												NEVER give daybreak any money. they will screw you. i hope daybreak will go down soon and never come back. ♥♥♥♥ you daybreak
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												how the ♥♥♥♥ do i get into a game with 100 people not 3is there something i havent downloaded like this is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: September 1	1	2	None	5	810.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Had so much fun when the game first came out and they have changed so much since then and for some people it may be in a postive way but for most they have completely changed the entire game to what it used to be.
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29
												Completely abandoned by the developers. All the good stuff being transferred over to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PS4 Port. (It's so awful, believe me.)
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	24.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 1
												Not worth.
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	18.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2
												I'll never do the mistake again to buy from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game company, which doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about their community and their games. Good job, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ;) ....U've already got a lot of money. I hope u'll lose all the money and do nothing with them.
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	246.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 24
												If I were writing this review 1 year ago, I would say you'd be stupid NOT to buy this game. It was so much fun, then Daybreak ruined it by adding unnecessary changes (Ex. Hellfire, Minimap, Map Change, Hitmarkers, Etc...). I'm not saying the game is unplayable, but when it takes you 4 minutes for a lobby to even start, thats what I hesitate to recommend this game.
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 30
												NEVER give daybreak any money. they will screw you. i hope daybreak will go down soon and never come back. ♥♥♥♥ you daybreak
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	33.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 30
												Worst game ever, since it became free to play.10/10 Would NEVER play again
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	696.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 30
												The game used to be so good and had so much potential until the devs decided to mess around with the game, For the Future of h1 i do no recommend this game until there has been some sort of full revert to PS3 which the devs are saying "Very Soon" but we all know that means years lol. In sort dont bother wasting your time on this game i was an old H1 player and when i played it this week for about 0.2 hours it just was horriffic which probably explains why its free to play now.Its just full of try hard pro players which the new players dont stand a chance against so all it will do is enrage you
Posted: September 1	0	2	None	5	3.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 15, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								its good but my computer is to low for the game
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	77.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 21, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game.. battlegrounds is taking over
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	1,227.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 2
												litteraly not even worth trying... i have over 1200 hours and wont reccommend you even try it
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	162.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												fun but DED
Posted: March 21, 2017	2	2	None	53	1,508.5	Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 makes me wanna kill myself
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	384.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Many issues and bad player base, including glitches and bad gameplay such as hit registration and dsync..... dont buy a dead game (no matter the price even if you have friends) this wont be fun but just annoying
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	1,578.8	Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very nice to play 
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥dont ever buy this bullcrap i would prefer to shot myself in the head than playing this ♥♥♥♥ing lameass game,buy pubg instead.
Posted: March 21, 2017	1	2	None	53	8.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Garbage game at all levels. Been out for so long and have made ZERO efforts to make it better. PUBG on the otherhand came out EA aswell but even then was still better than H1. PUBG is also being updated REGULARLY and content being added in. Pubg>H1Z1
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	7.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												No wonder this game is now dead, i had this game before it was split into two seprate games and back then the game was good it was the best version of H1z1 the OG BR everyone loved, and as it seems they have just killed this game so it deserves to die tbh, they have ruined the "recoil" of all guns to the point you have to aim so far in the air just to land a hit its stupid. i don't know how a company can be a leading BR and then kill it in a couple years. if you are deciding to try it out, don't bother it would be a waste of time just stick to Pubg or fortnite and wait for the BR genre to die. if daybreak is reverting to old map, they might aswell bring back the old mechanics so this game can be fun again.
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	53	168.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								its♥♥♥♥♥♥i havent played this game in 2 months and waited till a update cameout and fixed a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥and nothing has been fixed its just went in to the trash
Posted: April 10	1	2	None	14	2,777.9	Recommended	
Posted: April 10
												l love this game
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	1,578.8	Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very nice to play 
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								piece of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥dont ever buy this bullcrap i would prefer to shot myself in the head than playing this ♥♥♥♥ing lameass game,buy pubg instead.
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	13.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Repetitive, bad combat system, no weapon variety, only 1 map, crashes constantly, hackers...
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								It is Real Crap, and its funny that it wont let me connect to EU with 220 ping but auto connects me to asia with 400 ping!
Posted: April 10	2	2	None	14	1,508.5	Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 makes me wanna kill myself
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	384.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Many issues and bad player base, including glitches and bad gameplay such as hit registration and dsync..... dont buy a dead game (no matter the price even if you have friends) this wont be fun but just annoying
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	2,019.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's pretty damn awesome, love it.
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	35.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Really good, really addictive and you should buy it now!
Posted: April 10	0	2	None	14	559.2	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very intense game that builds as the game goes on. Shoot, loot, and scoot into the top 10, but don't get caught with your head in a lootbag. No two games are ever the same, and no player encounter as well.  Ignore the small percentage of toxic people within the H1 community. Daybreak studios push out updates on a consistent basis, and they listen to the player community. This is a fun game that I would recommend as your new hobby!
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	26.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								After 1 year still bunch of bugs, ghost cars passing through players. Poor physics and shooting. Before release devs promised that at final version of game will be f2p, but they split game to make more profit. Almost zero bigger updates, mostly more crates, crates and crates.
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	16.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Not optimized :/
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												Really? We paid for this stupid game on early-acess, and now they just make it free... No one is playing it because clearly PUBG and Fortnite are so much better than this game. What a waste of money, and I will stay away from this company from now on.
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	22.0	Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												goofy game. The normal BR mode is pretty....... unique but i found the auto royale fun, I dont criticise games on mechanics often, but i didnt really find the BR mode fun because how ♥♥♥♥ed up the mechanics are, i dont play games for a competive reasons, i play them for fun and the normal BR mode is the opposite of fun. Compared to Fortnite and PUBG the devs need to pick up their♥♥♥♥♥♥and get working and start listening to the little people that play this now and get the feedback to improve and make H1Z1 Great again. They need to: Fix the Gun Mechanics, Revert the Car  Mechanics, Add things that are not just cosmetic like Red Dot sights. this would make first person a viable option. I think a FP only mode would also make things interesting.
Posted: April 5, 2017	1	2	None	92	74.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								great game
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	5.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Buy this when the bugs are fixed
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								stuck on loading screen. 10/10
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	29.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game with a lot of bugs. 4/10
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	707.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								maybe the game will come back to life,,,
Posted: April 5, 2017	0	2	None	92	466.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								They're making money.. but the game itself is going downhill.They focus on the issues that needs the most attention BUT they always say-it should not happen anymore-it should be fixed-should be...the same bugs are present, if not old bugs are coming backThey say that they won't make any other adjustments because netcode is priority but they're making so many half buggy features.ex. slides coming out of house windows, floating items, STILL cannot loot items ON areas that was claimed to be fixed  etc. There's so many things so broken in this game that could have a hotfix and just make it at least noticable that there's work being put in.Ping restriction? There's no such thing.. If anything, we're having more desync and just people who take advantage of lag on NA servers.The most recent survey was all about crate content, I guess that's how they tie you in.Overall, this game CONCEPT is GOLDEN but it's in the wrong hands. Kudos if it will ever be fixed, but this is way too slow for a game that is this HUGE with all the money in it and there's nothing but improving crates that can keep it going. 
Posted: February 28	1	2	None	268	55.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												This game is dead, dont even try to play it.
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	12.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								When you launch the game there is a chance to get a loading screen that lasts forever, that chance is around 7/10. if you enjoy constantly re launching a game just to play then go ahead, this isn't one of those bugs that happen every now and then its a bug that happens constantly like it was an intended feature.
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	73.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is honestly horrible
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	42.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								>:-(
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	50.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Keeps getting more fun after each update!
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	290.0	Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								A Goood GAMESS
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	354.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Love it!
Posted: February 28	1	2	None	268	204.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good one! I've bought this game for 1 week and i opened case and got 26.65$ skin EZ  free game
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	2,434.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has too many bugs. I've played this game for over 1600 hours and I kept thinking it would get better but it never did. Daybreak prioritizes new features and DLC (aka skins) over fixing the game.Here are a few of the literally hundreds of bugs that have piled up in their backlog:1. When a player exits a vehicle at the exact same instant that another player attempts to enter the vehicle, the person entering the vehicle becomes imprisoned in the vehicle and can't do anything. They must wait for someone to kill them or they must exit out of the match.2. Dragging and dropping items in your inventory very often doesn't work. Items sometimes won't drag when you click them, items will sometimes get stuck to your cursor, items sometimes won't drop when released, it's very unreliable and it's a big part of the game.3. Zooming with a sniper rifle or binoculars while behind cover will cause your character's line of sight to tilt upward toward the sky. This makes it impossible to peek around cover with a scoped weapon.4. Being struck by a moving vehicle will sometimes kill you instantantly. Other times, you take no damage. It's completely random.5. Landing on a vehicle while parachuting will often deal huge amounts of damage and can often kill you.6. Cars explode instantly when they hit common obstacles at weird angles.7. Cars sometimes won't drive when you get into them. They tell you they're out of gas when they clearly are not. You have to press the gas pedal twice in order to get the car to drive.8. Grenades sometimes won't load. This is not a game mechanic, this is a bug. You have to drop the grenade and pick it up again in order to load it. Nevermind that it makes no sense to "load" a grenade.Daybreak has known about these bugs for months and never bothered to fix them.Instead, they pump out map changes and new skins.I understand that this game is Early Access, but this is the buggiest Early Access game I've ever seen and it does not seem to me that Daybreak is interested in making the game better.It could be a fun game if it wasn't so poorly made.
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	268	520.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very fun game. Constant glitching and bugs make it unplayable at times. Not worth the money until major bug fixes are done.
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	268.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very bad game, after update 17.11 2017 this game got ruined- 20 to 30fpscolors ruining your eyesdestroyed shotgundestroyed AR-15
Posted: July 6, 2017	1	2	None	26	285.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 has so many bugs and glitches that its annoying. I like the overall idea of the game but until they fix the major issues with the game I would not recommend you get the game. (TRASH)
Posted: July 6, 2017	1	2	None	26	0.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░ ░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░ ░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░ ░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░ ░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░ ░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░ ░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░ ░░▐█▐▄░░░░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░ ░░░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░﻿
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	19.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
												STILL SUCKS. Just get fortnite don't even bother
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	43.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game exists for 2 years, and that♥♥♥♥♥♥still only has 3 main weapons.
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	331.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game used to be fun but now its ♥♥♥♥ing trash. Almost unplayable.
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	107.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								WORST GAME EVER!
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	157.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								恕我直言，越改版越过气
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	23.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Rip game :D
Posted: July 6, 2017	0	2	None	26	37.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								they screwed it up
Posted: June 1, 2017	1	2	None	101	8.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Garbage game at all levels. Been out for so long and have made ZERO efforts to make it better. PUBG on the otherhand came out EA aswell but even then was still better than H1. PUBG is also being updated REGULARLY and content being added in. Pubg>H1Z1
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	7.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 29
												No wonder this game is now dead, i had this game before it was split into two seprate games and back then the game was good it was the best version of H1z1 the OG BR everyone loved, and as it seems they have just killed this game so it deserves to die tbh, they have ruined the "recoil" of all guns to the point you have to aim so far in the air just to land a hit its stupid. i don't know how a company can be a leading BR and then kill it in a couple years. if you are deciding to try it out, don't bother it would be a waste of time just stick to Pubg or fortnite and wait for the BR genre to die. if daybreak is reverting to old map, they might aswell bring back the old mechanics so this game can be fun again.
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	162.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												fun but DED
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	93.1	Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Many memes have come from this game.But China will always be #2
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	139.1	Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								Verry GOOD defo Better then PUBG should make this game abit better by adding more guns :)
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	91.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just met a foreign girl in the game, I was very friendly to her gun and asked her steamID, but my English is not very good, did not remember the last because of the gun death.Although most of the players in the game are not friendly, but I still want to meet at the time to say hello, perhaps more than a friend.Finally: try to learn english.
Posted: June 1, 2017	1	2	None	101	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 11
												long loading time not very fun
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	1,896.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Been playing since release, Personally i think the game was better in Z1 (I had about 100 BR wins) but obviously things have to change... I currently HATE the combat update with a burning passion but a lot of people like it, so as my only review for this game before i quit and myself making it top 300 on the NA leaderboards for 3 seasons in a row, I will Reccomend this game as i did enjoy it all the way up until this last update. also here are my personal  Best Clips  ive had on the game, sorry if i seem like a sellout for linking that. but for real H1 is still a really good game for what it is and tries their best for the community. even though the "Community" is only players with maybe 200 hours. i do wish if daybreak did one thing it would be to listen to their core players rather than the new players. If you actually read all of this thank you! and if you buy the game i hope you enjoy it as much as i did!===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☑ Free☐ Fair Price☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☑ Fast☑ High end ☑ NASA computer===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic
Posted: June 1, 2017	0	2	None	101	39.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Still full of bugs. In my opinion not worth the money. BR Mod in Arma 3 is far more superior to H1Z1.Lacks weapons, weapon customization, vehicle selection, etc...Just not worth it. For now. 
Posted: June 1, 2017	1	2	None	101	14.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 21
												where the ♥♥♥♥ is my refund?!?!?
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	159.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2017
Early Access Review
Just buy PUBG 
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	518.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								I end this game. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥skin paradise and cheater land. Don't buy. !!
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	26.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								pula mea
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	51.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dont buy this game :D Just buy pubg.
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	28.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								worse game I've ever played I wish they would delete this from the world so no one would know the pain of such a horrible game.
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	124.3	Recommended	
Posted: August 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Good game if your good and bad game if your noob
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	174.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do you love spawning in the middle of no where with no vehicles around and hardly any gear? Do you love rng based games (random spawns that can either be really good or real♥♥♥♥♥♥? Do you love having to constantly run across the map to escape death because once again you can't ever find a vehicle? Do you love being shot around walls, trees, etc and taking a lot of damage for no fair reason? Do you love pointing your gun at something that shoots one bullet at a time yet somehow bullets have random spread? Do you love buggy and glitchy games? Do you love spawning in and the game taking ages to finally register your actions but since it took so damn long you're already dead? Do you hate yourself and want to punish yourself? Well my friends. This is the game for you.Edit: This game makes me wanna kill myselfI'd have more fun shoving a cactus up my♥♥♥♥♥/span> 
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	275.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								Great survival based game similar to the hunger games. The game has one, two and five player modes which allows you to either play solo or with friends. Enjoyable game that anyone interested in survival or combat based games would love. Worth the price of £15 and you may even be able to get it cheaper in a sale or discount period. 10/10 !!!
Posted: October 16, 2017	0	2	None	76	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bad game!
Posted: October 16, 2017	5	2	None	76	369.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Flying CarsPeople walking through doorsFalling through the ground when landing.New exciting bugs every week. When they fix one thing, they break two other things.10/10 would recommend.
Posted: August 29	1	2	None	85	7.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29
												stop its 2018
Posted: August 29	0	2	None	85	283.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												Play fortnite instead
Posted: August 29	0	2	None	85	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Product received for free
												First you need to install a third party account, big loading screens and constant crashingEmbarrasing...
Posted: August 29	0	2	None	85	407.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Terrible devs terrible game
Posted: August 29	0	2	None	85	15.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cons:• Hit detection is god awful• You get no reward for winning, nothing• Have to pay to open "crates"Pros:• Get to make your character look like something from a gay pride parade.5/10
Posted: August 29	1	2	None	85	51.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 12
												i hate this game so much, ugghf, its unplayable feel like i want a refund paid $14 for this game now its a free game wtf and so ruined ..............cough ............. cough .........refund plz
Posted: August 29	1	2	None	85	240.1	Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								spierdolona gra narawde buguja sie tekstury gra nie ma nic na celu polecam lepiej pubga 
Posted: August 29	1	2	None	85	920.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, it's the most broken game in the ♥♥♥♥ing universe. buy ♥♥♥♥ing pubg instead pls a beg you don't buy this game it looks fun but it is trash a mean puuuuuuuure trash. kys daybreak please kill yourselfs <3
Posted: August 29	0	2	None	85	9.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 12
												DO NOT INSTALL IF YOU ARE A BEGINER!!!!!!!!!!! This game turned from a cool very fun game to a FREAKING HACKER HANGOUT! You cant go on any match without finding someone with god mode on. PLEASE FIX
Posted: August 29	1	2	None	85	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												yeah so first the game cost money, you patch the game got ruined, so devs need to save the game oh yeah lets add cars and make it free to play... ARE YOU KIDDING ME... dumbest idea ever.. 200IQ for sure
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								i started loosing hair after i played this game. too stressful
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	160.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Terrible game, terrible company, DO NOT SUPPORT!
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												B R I N G   M Y   M O N E Y   B A C K ! ! ! !
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	112.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												Jogo bugado do♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Escopeta matando com um tiro no pé, a ♥♥♥♥♥ da AK é mais cega q o Stevie Wonder, capacete tanka até a mãe. PQP, arruma essa ♥♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Daybreake tacou o♥♥♥♥♥♥se pro jogo, só quer ganhar dinheiro com essa bosta de cash, tiraram até o trade da steam. ♥♥♥♥♥♥QUE PARIU
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												This is  game bug all
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	53.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								if the game crashes while you are loading in game while crash and you will have to alt f4 and even better the crash report will launch in the backround and steam will say you are playing it forcing you to force shutdown your computer to fix it
Posted: October 24, 2017	0	2	None	52	19.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												i spent 20$ on this game for you guys to make it free to play. great guys amazing work.
Posted: October 24, 2017	1	2	None	52	5.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												trash
Posted: October 24, 2017	2	2	None	52	32.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I payed 15£ for this before it first came out,refunded it since launch day had so many errors and then bought it again 2 weeks after.. I got "Just survive and BR". The game died and now its staying alive from micro transactions and making the game free for everyone. For us that BOUGHT the game before it failed misserable it really feels like we got a big bulky thing showed up our arses.... Compensate us for the money we spent before it went free or just admit that the game is dying and shut it down. Thank you for reading this
Posted: October 24, 2017	1	2	None	52	19.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 5, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Dude shoots me in the chest, I shoot him in the face, neither of us have armor or helment, I die. He lives with 10 hp
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	330.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
Early Access Review
								wORST GAME EVER THANK GOD THIS GAME IS DYING.
Posted: February 7	1	2	None	26	53.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								Welcome to h1z1 you have been disconnected
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	726.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Ever been in a bad relationship? You know, just ♥♥♥♥ing unhealthy?That's what your experience with H1Z1:King of the Kill will resemble.
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	258.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hyvä daybreak KORJAA P.A.S.K.A.S.Ikiitos
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	68.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								很是对游戏无奈，外挂太多了
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	185.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is still in early access.
Posted: February 7	1	2	None	26	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Had been considering to buy for a month or so, free week rolled around, awesome! Installed, made a 3rd party account, tried to log in, error servers down, left it a couple of hours, error verifying account try later. Tried the next day, error maintainance, left it another day, error maintainance. The big red play button looks nice tho.
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	1,078.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Good game wasted a lot of time on it. Best to play with friends. New update needs some work but it has potential
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	0.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 26
												its a good game but i cant play with keyboard and mouse i need a controller. if you could add in controller support it would be one of the best games i have!
Posted: February 7	0	2	None	26	1,465.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								乱更新，不贴合玩家的想法
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	311.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Do not buy this game, unfinished game.In almost every game you will encounter bug.I bought it over a year ago and it seems with every patch we get more glitches.I won't even mention what they did with crated and steam market.
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 20
												No.
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17
												Even for free this game is garbage.
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	629.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												It's dead
Posted: October 19, 2016	2	2	None	33	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												Trash game
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												No advencing while Early Access almost 3 yearsand changed P2W before 2 weeks on 75% sale + humble montly subscribe gameGO DIE DAYBREAK
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												when you buy a game, make time to get into it a month later only to find out its gone free to play during that time. would never recommend. play fortnite or one of the many other battle royale games.
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												Just no
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												It's just, not enjoyable.
Posted: October 19, 2016	0	2	None	33	21.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								don't buy this game, buy Players Unknown instead. Its 100 times better than h1z1
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	1.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												super
Posted: March 13	1	2	None	19	1,387.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												its great it takes alot of time to get good at and is poorly optimized but its fun :D
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	31.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												This is a good game but it had some glitches in it that are annoying like your charecter bugging out and the guns glitching but this game is actually really fun and i hope more guns are added into the game *and another map DAYBREAK!!!* If you enjoy combat type survival issue games then this is a game for you.Rate 8/10
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												i just payed for this game. and after month it gets free? no thats not fair! return our money !
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	88.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19, 2017
												F-U  C-K     YOU !!!!!       China NO.1     Garbage company Garbage game   Lock China IP  only S-h i-t companies do this    ------------ Sao ni ma !  FU--CK YOU ----------------------------                                                        ....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\....
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Garbage and unfinished game with a lot of bugs. Developers seem to just care about selling skins.
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	375.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								First of all, don't get me wrong. This game COULD be great.And actually it makes really a lot of fun!BUTThis game is the most buggy game I've ever seen, even worse than Dayz Mod from Arma 2.Error messages when startingSometimes you can't logg in, because no reason, the only solution is deleting your acc, then just creating the same again and press ok 3 times, no reaction then suddenly it says Username allready taken and you can join.... ?!?!?!!!!When u do anything in loadingscreen it breaks, when u get a mach and u are on the desktop, feel free to restart and search a new gamewhen you are in a lobby with friends, be sure that only the leader can add ppl????!A lot of issues are known for months /years now as you can read on reddit or in steam community and the only thing they are really working on is bringing you new skins so you can give them more money.as I said at the beginning, don't get me wrong, it's amazing, 1 mistake and you are gone, pure raw fighting but you can see the intention of the game developers to just make as much money as possible.and there are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ more bugs but when you haven't stopped here, I'm pretty shure you will descover them on your own.if you look on rust for example, they update every week and bring in a lot of stuff all the timeso if you are ok with buying a ♥♥♥♥ing buggy as hell game you will have a great time during the buggs.EDIT:still a lot of bugs in the game, every time they fix something about 100 new bugs apear....anyway who was so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to get the genious idea to make a platform where you have to logg in AFTER YOU ALREADY LOGGET IN ON STEAM AND BOUGHT THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, cause THIS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PLATTFORM IS LIKE LITTERALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥U MORONSHOW THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS POSSIBLE IN 2017, ONLY EA GAMES IS MORE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 13	1	2	None	19	27.6	Recommended	
Posted: October 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								I've had mixed opinions about this game, I bought it during alpha, and always enjoyed the game but thought it lacked certain things..after KOTK's recent update (9/20) I have to say im finally impressed..  
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	162.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												fun but DED
Posted: March 13	0	2	None	19	1,440.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do you want to get cancer ? BUY IT! It's like cigarette you are addicted but killing you... The game with full of bugs... Full of players whom using macro... Full of people who have higher system than yours...
Posted: April 11, 2017	1	2	None	120	18.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do you have a love for buggy gamesWell enjoy this game that only crashes and bugs out 1/3 or more of your matches
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	85.5	Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 used to be a game that struggled to bring me enjoyment mainly because of the knowledge I had of where this game came from. It went from being one individual game with "Just Survive" (which together used to cost $12.99 i believe) to a game that was called "King of the Kill," which we all now know as H1Z1. The name doesn't make sense now, though. As H1Z1 is just the battle royale game. (They most likely kept the name because H1Z1 is a more iconic name than king of the kill.)Anyways, I think this game has come a long way from where it was when it released. PROS:- A fun to play, Battle Royale game.- Decent optimization options.- Great game for a 5 man party- Game goes on sale as low as $5 USCONS:- Game mechanics are still not the greatest- Traditional crate system (making people having to pay for most cosmetics which isnt that big of an issue, just unoriginal)- Occasional item pickup delayFor a game that is still in development, this is a solid battle royale game. Hopefully to see some great improvements to this game.I rate H1Z1: 4/5 
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	1,791.9	Recommended	
Posted: December 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its a good game haven't had time too play it too much
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								- wait 2 minutes for the match to start- run around the map for 20 minutes colecting items, weapons and ammunition- die with 3 shots from a players who's so far away that only God knows how he saw you- restartIt's a waste of time.
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	348.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								Only have about 130 hours logged in the game so far but I'm loving it. It continues to get better as the game team releases updates. It has a lot of potential. Is it perfect yet? No, but the foundation is in and am really looking forward to seeing where this goes a year from now.
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	696.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pls ♥♥♥♥ing set the map weapon models to ♥♥♥♥ing season 3 pls the game would be much better its ♥♥♥♥ing anyoing i had 150 fps with 500 render distance and 120fps with 1500 render distance now I have 88 FPS
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	119.4	Recommended	
Posted: December 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								i love this game i addicted this game instant. it will be hard at start but keep playing and you will be better. and sometimes you will have lag spikes but dont worry those will go away in few minutes.
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	36.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Please stop all the chinese hackers from coming onto any other server but their own.
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	144.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	120	63.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								would buy playerunknownbattlegrounds again/10
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	3	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												♥♥♥♥ you h1z1 free ♥♥♥♥ off Iam buy ♥♥♥♥ 20E 
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	3	33.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Having played a lot of Battle Royal in H1Z1 (before they split the game), I can say this game mode is pretty fun. But, it is just ONE game mode. So, ask yourself if it is worth buying a 20€ game for just ONE gamemode, a gamemode previously part of another game!?-----Daybreak claims that they will be adding more gamemodes, but that's yet to be seen. We don't know what gamemodes or how many will be added. Reading the early acces page they claim to add additional gamemodes and game rules. Judging the history of this game/development, I would not be supprised if they only add slight variations of the ONE gamemode Battle Royal.Before the split, there already where 3 variants of this game mode, you had one without zombies, one with zombies and one with special rewards for winning! This last mode was behind a cash wall and you need to buy tickets for real hard cash to join this mode.Technicly they could say they have 3 gamemodes. Then you have the same game with team of 2, or team of 5 players. So there you have it, 5 gamemodes! :PWe have to wait and see what the new gamemodes are, if any are added!Ask yourself, knowing this, is ONE gamemode still worth 20€?-----Let's inform you some more, because this game has a rocky history with many claims that never became reality!They ones claimed to NEVER add pay2win mechanics to this game, then airdrops where added to survival mode that gave you food, water, weapons and ammo! Airdrops are behind a paywall from real hard cash! Though they changed the way this works but still ...They claimed this game would become free2play ones released. Guess what, it's 20€ with additional supply crates and cosmatic microtransactions! Even payed gamemodes like the Battle Royal variant (Green Dawn) and airdrops for ingame loot.Again, ask yourself, is this game worth 20€, with possible new gamemodes behind cash wall, with micro transactions and many broken promises?Then the worst part, the recent split of H1Z1 into two games. This game, King of the Kill, was part of the original H1Z1. You had survival servers and Battle Royal servers! Now you have the survival game, 20€ and the battle royal game for another 20€! And what would happen if say a new gamemode is added to King of the Kill, which becomes very popular, will they split agian? Who knows!?This split would not be the worst of things, if they cut the price in half. Would be fair since they cut the game in half but nope, now you pay 2x20€ for something that ones was 1x20€, for something that ones was promised to be free2play!Also, remember you now need to pay double for microtransactions. Getting a new piece of clothing from a microtransaction was universal availible for all servers and gamemodes. Now, if you want that same piece of clothing be prepared to buy the same item twice!!!Knowing all of this, ask yourself is ONE gamemode worth 20€?-----With this out of the way you might want to know if this ONE gamemode is fun and yes, I said I have lots of fun with this gamemode. So let's get into that!You spawn with around 150 other players on a large open map. Everyone drops down from the sky with a parasute. It's now time to land as fast as you can, so you can be the first to loot weapons, ammo, backpacks and more. So you can be the first to blast others in the face.After a few minutes a savezone is drawn on your map, because toxic fog will be released and slowly drive you towards the savezone. This mechanic is fun and usefull to drive the remaining players towards the same spot.Though there is only ONE map it's big enough to be fun for a long time. Mainly because a lot of things are random. Not the map itself but your spawn location is random, weapon spawns are random and the savezones are random. One match ends in an urban location and another on top of the mountains.All seems good, but there is also a lot wrong with the game and it's mechanics!Spawning for example! You don't spawn at the same time as your enemies. It depends on your loading time, internet connection and random bad luck (sometimes the game takes 2 or 3 times longer to load). This means people with faster hardware and internet connection land faster, getting guns fasters and thus have an increased change to win!Next problem is that hitbox detection and netcode are so random. With a bit of bad luck you can shoot somebody in the head for multiple times without them dieing. While other times you one hit kill them.Same with the shotgun, it's spread pattern is random. So you can almost get sniped from long distance with a shotgun while other times you can't hit/kill somebody at close range! And it's all luck, or badluck depending how it ends!On top of that there aren't many weapons and in the end it comes down to AR15 for long range, shotgun for close range. Perhaps the AK47 (though it got nerved) or if you are lucky the hunting rifle (sniper that only drops from airdrops). All the other weapons are just useless compared to the above, so bows, crossbows and pistols are ignored! You only use them if they are the first weapon you can find early game.-----Eventhough this gamemode is a lot of fun, even with all it's flaws, I can't recommend it to anyone! Specially knowing that this ONE gamemode was part of another game!Perhaps if they fix the core issues (spawning, hitbox detection, etc) and add more gamemodes AND lower the price to 10€ or less, then and only then it might become worth it!For now, it's a big NO NO. Not recommended!
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	3	1,043.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												 its♥♥♥♥♥now turn back now if u can
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	3	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												Shut up and give my money back!!! 
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	3	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Of the hour ive played in the game, i wasnt able to do anything, crashes almost every time i boot up, matches barely load, and every time i do get in i parachute down, live about 30 seconds, and just get creamed across the map. Don't even THINK about playing if you dont get above 40fps
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	3	5.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 19
												trash
Posted: March 16	2	2	None	3	32.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I payed 15£ for this before it first came out,refunded it since launch day had so many errors and then bought it again 2 weeks after.. I got "Just survive and BR". The game died and now its staying alive from micro transactions and making the game free for everyone. For us that BOUGHT the game before it failed misserable it really feels like we got a big bulky thing showed up our arses.... Compensate us for the money we spent before it went free or just admit that the game is dying and shut it down. Thank you for reading this
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	3	19.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 5, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Dude shoots me in the chest, I shoot him in the face, neither of us have armor or helment, I die. He lives with 10 hp
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	3	27.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								As you may have already know from the all the other negative reviews. It is recommended to buy PUBG
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	3	45.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												i buy this for 10€ now is free and no longer the king of the kill
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	12.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 15
												Garbage
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	62.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								Got Banned for cheating didnt know being a noob and having 0 kills in 3 games gets you banned no thx pubg much better
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	235.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game way too ♥♥♥♥ing hard to play who the ♥♥♥♥ actually knows how to shoot in this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 15	1	2	None	195	17.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Wouldn't be bad if other players *cough* Chinese *cough* didn't overload the American servers and become laggernauts. 4/10 would get told "Fook your motha"
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	241.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Having purchased the original "H1Z1" game a few days after release the game has gone through many changes be it by graphical improvements and setting changes to a complete change in company ownership and dev group. Quick Things: - Fun game to play with friends and can spend hundreds of hours doing so for fun not expecting much out of a game that is still pretty unoptimized and for an average 'budget' build PC can be extremely difficult to run.- The game itself is very inconsistent in many things from textures, bullet damage, hit marks, frame rapes, and even possible crashes. - My biggest complaint about the game is that while since Alpha the game has done a complete UI and grahpical change, for better or worse, I still don't see why this game has such a high min and recommended requirement. The game looks nice but Rust looks way better and runs much better even on lower end systems with much less frame lag. I have a GTX 970, intel i7 4790k and 8GB of ram and to play at 1080p MEDIUM settings can just get me to maybe averagely 60-70 frames when I'm not doing much other than looting but when fighting or parachuting I can very often expect frames to drop to around 40 fps maybe even 30 fps. The game is fun if you think you will like the Battle Royal style but for me unless I'm playing with other friends it's way too unoptimized and laggy even as a fully released game to spend my money on currently. If you have friends who already have it and they are asking you to buy it I would in a heartbeat because, trust me, it's a fun time. If you are a loner who just sees Summit1g playing and thinks oh♥♥♥♥♥♥maybe I'll spend my money and like the game I would recommend checking a different game.
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 11
												The main 2 experiences you will get from this game:Spawn, die. Spawn walk 10 feet get insta head shot.
Posted: April 15	1	2	None	195	19.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												do not buy this trash and dead game
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												lol
Posted: April 15	0	2	None	195	18.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								BIGGES PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I HAVE EVER PLAYED. This game sucks so much, this is not even funny or feel good.
Posted: April 15	1	2	None	195	3.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								How do I refund? I need 20 dollars to get a haircut.
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	671.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game ♥♥♥♥ this gay♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boi game
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								In recent events, a dev team by the name of BlueHole, has just released a new Battle Royal game called "PlayerUnknown Battlegrounds" and in less than 2 weeks of early access release, PUBG is showing more improvment and dedication to their game and fanbase than Daybreak has ever in 2 years of early access.I understant H1Z1 is supposed to be an arcade type game, but it compares nothing to the real thrill of a more realistic and better thought through BattleRoyal as PUBG.Overall, PUBG has more potential than H1 will ever have.Take my advice, skip H1 and give pubg a try and grow with the development. You wont be dissapointed by Bluehole, unlike Daybreak.H1z1-cartoony arcade game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interfacePuBg-realistic stratigic battleroyal.
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Trash Game I recommend PUBG This game isnt even worth the sale price
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								- Dated graphics-♥♥♥♥♥♥hit detections- Poor performance even on modern machines
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												Do not waste your time the game does not leave the screen to load and without saying that it is a waste of timeNao perca seu tempo o jogo nao sai da tela de carregar e sem diser que é uma perda de tempo  
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	105.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18
												This is a good example of what happens when the devs don't listen.
Posted: December 14, 2017	1	2	None	41	593.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												For everyone who is complaining about wasting money then you are a bad consumer. You obviously cant do research to see that they have been planning on going F2P for a long time now. As for the game it self it is fun you might find youself limited with some medium to lower teir pc's but its playable thay have been working on FPS. As for gameplay its Fast paced and tbh one of the more competive BR's out because of the pace it self not only with how easy it is to loot its basically get in get out then go find action for looting, Also your gonna want to find a car most need keys (included in an unlooted car) except for the quad bike, Unless your close to the safe zone you wont outrun the gas. Shooting itsnt the easiest and this is where you might find it frustrating it took me many many games to learn how to 2 tap with proficiency but dont get discouraged because noting beats the feeling of cleanly erasing your enemy with just 2 clicks. All in all this game has many issues but its getting better and better as the RECENT patches go by (lets hope another repeat dosent happen) and id deffinelty reccomend this game now that it is finally free to play.
Posted: December 14, 2017	0	2	None	41	66.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												I like this game, and I know that people who paid for this game like me are disopointed, like at least they could make a pack for people how paid for the game like extra dlc or just silver pack 
Posted: December 14, 2017	1	2	None	41	2,105.8	Recommended	
Posted: June 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								its a love hate relationship.
Posted: December 14, 2017	1	2	None	41	1,763.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16
												It's not even playable anymore.So play other games. It's simple.
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	10.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												i buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥when it was early access and play just 10hour and unistall and now it out of early access and i want try it it close by it self and i snd ticket i recive this:Fraudmonkey Yesterday at 22:56This account appears to be from a region that is no allowed per our Terms of ServiceYou can view our knowledge base for suggestions, but we cannot continue to support you or this account.Regards,Scott "Fraudmonkey" DaleCustomer Service Manager/Fraud ManagerDaybreak Gamesand they promise to every one that buy this game reward . and my reward is dont access to game and my money gone for what?!?!?1?do not buy anything of daybreak they stole your money.
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	76.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is awful lmao
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	75.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								No
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												♥♥♥♥ you h1z1 free ♥♥♥♥ off Iam buy ♥♥♥♥ 20E 
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	33.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Having played a lot of Battle Royal in H1Z1 (before they split the game), I can say this game mode is pretty fun. But, it is just ONE game mode. So, ask yourself if it is worth buying a 20€ game for just ONE gamemode, a gamemode previously part of another game!?-----Daybreak claims that they will be adding more gamemodes, but that's yet to be seen. We don't know what gamemodes or how many will be added. Reading the early acces page they claim to add additional gamemodes and game rules. Judging the history of this game/development, I would not be supprised if they only add slight variations of the ONE gamemode Battle Royal.Before the split, there already where 3 variants of this game mode, you had one without zombies, one with zombies and one with special rewards for winning! This last mode was behind a cash wall and you need to buy tickets for real hard cash to join this mode.Technicly they could say they have 3 gamemodes. Then you have the same game with team of 2, or team of 5 players. So there you have it, 5 gamemodes! :PWe have to wait and see what the new gamemodes are, if any are added!Ask yourself, knowing this, is ONE gamemode still worth 20€?-----Let's inform you some more, because this game has a rocky history with many claims that never became reality!They ones claimed to NEVER add pay2win mechanics to this game, then airdrops where added to survival mode that gave you food, water, weapons and ammo! Airdrops are behind a paywall from real hard cash! Though they changed the way this works but still ...They claimed this game would become free2play ones released. Guess what, it's 20€ with additional supply crates and cosmatic microtransactions! Even payed gamemodes like the Battle Royal variant (Green Dawn) and airdrops for ingame loot.Again, ask yourself, is this game worth 20€, with possible new gamemodes behind cash wall, with micro transactions and many broken promises?Then the worst part, the recent split of H1Z1 into two games. This game, King of the Kill, was part of the original H1Z1. You had survival servers and Battle Royal servers! Now you have the survival game, 20€ and the battle royal game for another 20€! And what would happen if say a new gamemode is added to King of the Kill, which becomes very popular, will they split agian? Who knows!?This split would not be the worst of things, if they cut the price in half. Would be fair since they cut the game in half but nope, now you pay 2x20€ for something that ones was 1x20€, for something that ones was promised to be free2play!Also, remember you now need to pay double for microtransactions. Getting a new piece of clothing from a microtransaction was universal availible for all servers and gamemodes. Now, if you want that same piece of clothing be prepared to buy the same item twice!!!Knowing all of this, ask yourself is ONE gamemode worth 20€?-----With this out of the way you might want to know if this ONE gamemode is fun and yes, I said I have lots of fun with this gamemode. So let's get into that!You spawn with around 150 other players on a large open map. Everyone drops down from the sky with a parasute. It's now time to land as fast as you can, so you can be the first to loot weapons, ammo, backpacks and more. So you can be the first to blast others in the face.After a few minutes a savezone is drawn on your map, because toxic fog will be released and slowly drive you towards the savezone. This mechanic is fun and usefull to drive the remaining players towards the same spot.Though there is only ONE map it's big enough to be fun for a long time. Mainly because a lot of things are random. Not the map itself but your spawn location is random, weapon spawns are random and the savezones are random. One match ends in an urban location and another on top of the mountains.All seems good, but there is also a lot wrong with the game and it's mechanics!Spawning for example! You don't spawn at the same time as your enemies. It depends on your loading time, internet connection and random bad luck (sometimes the game takes 2 or 3 times longer to load). This means people with faster hardware and internet connection land faster, getting guns fasters and thus have an increased change to win!Next problem is that hitbox detection and netcode are so random. With a bit of bad luck you can shoot somebody in the head for multiple times without them dieing. While other times you one hit kill them.Same with the shotgun, it's spread pattern is random. So you can almost get sniped from long distance with a shotgun while other times you can't hit/kill somebody at close range! And it's all luck, or badluck depending how it ends!On top of that there aren't many weapons and in the end it comes down to AR15 for long range, shotgun for close range. Perhaps the AK47 (though it got nerved) or if you are lucky the hunting rifle (sniper that only drops from airdrops). All the other weapons are just useless compared to the above, so bows, crossbows and pistols are ignored! You only use them if they are the first weapon you can find early game.-----Eventhough this gamemode is a lot of fun, even with all it's flaws, I can't recommend it to anyone! Specially knowing that this ONE gamemode was part of another game!Perhaps if they fix the core issues (spawning, hitbox detection, etc) and add more gamemodes AND lower the price to 10€ or less, then and only then it might become worth it!For now, it's a big NO NO. Not recommended!
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	1,043.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												 its♥♥♥♥♥now turn back now if u can
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												Shut up and give my money back!!! 
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	46	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Of the hour ive played in the game, i wasnt able to do anything, crashes almost every time i boot up, matches barely load, and every time i do get in i parachute down, live about 30 seconds, and just get creamed across the map. Don't even THINK about playing if you dont get above 40fps
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	12.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												i bought this game for $20 a while ago, and now its free. I recommend getting fortnite over this but it comes down to personal preference. its not a bad game but not better than PUBG or Fortnite 
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												Had to refund the game. Couldnt even get in a game beucase the game automatically set resolution at 3440, zoomed in to top left, couldnt see anything. When i rebooted the mouse pointer was off by like 15cm North West
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	485.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Over a million glitches, you try spending your weekend to have some fun with some friends and all you do is lose your time on your event as the glitches make it incredibly tedious and discouraging to enjoy playing.After this "Amazing Update"You try playing the new game mode - DisconnectedCountless games I've gone through, 5 minutes in and I can't shoot no more, I've tried many solutions of the old inventory trick, toggle view etc but nothing has solved this problem. If anyone has a solution please let me know. For a game I don't play enough that I enjoy, it's really ashame that I can't have atleast 1 hour of gametime to say that I've enjoyed my time playing h1z1. A real shame as it's a fun game but these glitches are incredibly painful, It makes me want to smack myself for even attempting to try and play another game. 
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	69.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								too many bugs and glitches, try a different game like pubg
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's like PUGB but you get shoved immediately into a city with no real choice of placement on the map which results in a quick and unsatisfying death due to the high amount of players put into one place
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	231.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best game ever but toooo many bugs and gliches..... Recomendet to buy
Posted: February 28	1	2	None	25	101.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												not a bad game, really fun and entertaining
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	192.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								I dont play it anymore so I dont know if it got better but stil I would not recommend it 6/10;
Posted: February 28	1	2	None	25	126.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game dissapoint me. A lot of bugs, the biggest is that you can't quit after death, and of course one biggest problem is that a lot of peoples cheating, it's like a cancer like in csgo. It's only question of time, how long this game be still popular ,because i don't see any perspective of this game.
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26
												WANT A REFUND MAAAAAAAAAAAAN
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	31.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								The PVP is fun with friends, although the game has tonnes of glitches/bugs which make it difficult to recommend.
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	25	238.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								fujjjj
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	191.1	Recommended	
Posted: August 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do you like being a jew? Like to show off your items to other people? Enjoy playing ear♥♥♥♥♥♥music on the mic? This game is for you!
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	184.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 31
Early Access Review
This game is DEAD.  I would recommend heavily against buying it. Actually, I can safely say you can throw your money at ANYTHING other than this and it's better use for it.At the end of July 2017 h1z1 had 150k players, less than 6 months, and it was down to 13k. That is more than 90% of the players gone.This was my first BR game and I saw a lot of potential in it, despite the numerous bugs... lagging, cheaters, spawning without parachute, not joining the same game as the rest of the squad, getting warped off from a moving car, becoming invisible, hordes of warping chinese who you cant hit because they have a ping of 500. I mean come on, the game was in a pre-release. Surely they would have fixed these sooner or later, right?But instead of giving us a a proper overhaul, Daybreak saw more interest in milking their current customers with cases instead of giving us a playable game. Weeks turned to months, nothing got fixed and nearly every update broke the game more or made it worse, while bringing mainly new cases and skins. They had test-server, but they used it only on really rare occasions and just seemed to hit the new un-tested game mechanics for live updates.Just what everyone wants, broken game with a lot micro-transaction crap.The best thing about this game was to go reddit/KoTK section to see how badly this game ♥♥♥♥s up other players too. Kinda shame that the player count has gone so low that even the reddit board is now almost dead. Only way to restore this game is for daybreak to use their crate money (if you got any of those millions saved) and hire a proper game developers to fix the mess they created and release it as free-to-play.My educated guess is that before this game reaches 1.0, it is dead and forgotten.
Posted: August 15, 2017	1	2	None	69	334.3	Recommended	
Posted: May 4, 2016
Early Access Review
								Vet coole game 
Posted: August 15, 2017	1	2	None	69	1,937.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								Good Game
Posted: August 15, 2017	1	2	None	69	13.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								They spent all of their budget on the trailer...
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	117.0	Recommended	
Posted: September 18, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								lOVE THIS GAME
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	1,015.7	Recommended	
Posted: September 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Very good game 
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	79.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 10
												Give me a refund.
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	165.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Pros:- Fun concept- anti cheat actually works nowCons:- 100000000000000000000 Chinese players. And not the good kind. FORMER hacker clans, and now just team killers. Is this their profession?UPDATE: Came back to the game nearly a year later to see if it had got better. First game shot through a wall. But hey, atleast it's not Dayz...
Posted: August 15, 2017	0	2	None	69	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												This game actually is a scam one f*cking day it's 20 now it's free to play I demand a refund!!
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Don't bother.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	216.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												Dead game btw
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	53.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								leg shot kills u. but head shots take 4 hits lmfao not a fixed game
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	162.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												fun but DED
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	3.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												most of the bad reviews are from people who bought the game earlier and arent happy about it. thats pretty sad for them but.. thats not what you should care about. the gameplay in here is solid. graphics and fps is good. play this. its free and fun
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	52.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								The game is just bad. They want to make the game realistic, however they should make the game playable first.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	3.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24
												No diversity, Cheaters and... boredomH1Z1, what ever you want to name this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ is awful. When i downloaded this i was somewhat excited to play it, i was incorrect.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	17.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Super fun
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	393	783.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								They Broke my Game
Posted: March 9	1	2	None	393	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 8
												When you got Error G35...  yeah good luck m8
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												This game actually is a scam one f*cking day it's 20 now it's free to play I demand a refund!!
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	122.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												i bought the game now its free to play
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	110.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game has a great concept and I had great time while I am playing it. On the other hand, it has lots of bugs. It stucks on black screen or loading screen on start. Sometimes it just disconnects you for no reason. When you paraschuting down it gets stuck and you die at the beginning of the round etc etc.. I would not recommend this game for you. For the most part I had to deal with bugs.
Posted: March 17	2	2	None	47	109.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								I used to like the game but the devs never gave out any new content other than a new map... they didn't even add any new guns or vehicles. All they do is release crates and skins when they are useless. I strongly suggest anyone playing this game or liked its gameplay to try out player unknown battlegrounds. PUBG is 10x better, devs always releasing content and patchs, while h1z1 devs don't do much but add skins for money cuz all they care about is money. PUBG has more vehicles and weapons ranging to  hand guns, submachine guns, shotguns, assault rifles, DMRS, and sniper rifles. While H1z1 only got around 8 guns. 4 handguns, 1 shotgun, and 3 rifles. Got really boring after a while of finding the same guns over and over again. PUBG also got weapon attactments for certain guns which makes gun customize amazing in PUBG, but h1z1 doesn't. I used to love h1z1 but they failed with content and player unkown battlegrounds replaced H1Z1.
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	9.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game has been forever in early access there\'s a lot of people using hacks and cheating. I never expected a game to stay stuck in its first stage so long and I\'m growing tired of it. It\'s full of bugs, there seems to be no effort to correct them also the development seems to be stuck and it\'s totally not worth the money spent.
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	16.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								Would be nice if my friends played this game...
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	398.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would not say that H1Z1: King of the Kill is easily picked up and played. It possesses a steep learning curve and caters greatly to experienced players. With a confusing menu and pregame lobby, many new players would be overwhelmed with not knowing what to do. With no real instruction or direction on how to play the game, newbies end up landing their parachute in a field and running for 5-10 minutes before finding a house that has already been looted of all weapons and supplies. The game also does not instruct the player on how to do basic essentials – like opening up inventory, how to craft, how to view the map, where the compass is, how to heal, where to find gear and weapons, etc. All of these variables add up to a learning curve that chews up and spits out bloodied and mangled new players. However, once all of these things are learned, 8 hours later, the competition is incredibly fun and rewarding to play. No round is the same, and with a huge map to roam, strategies change often.
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	117.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								So many bugs
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crashes, doesn't launch sometimes, way too many micro transactions, loading times are bad for the amount of time actually spent playing, ranks are pointless, doesn't put you against players of the same skill and not rewarding at all.
Posted: March 17	0	2	None	47	439.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								love it and hate it :3
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	144.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	63.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								would buy playerunknownbattlegrounds again/10
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
Early Access Review
								It's slightly sad how one of the first games to jump onto Battle Royale after the Arma 2 mod was this, and it's also really sad to see that's it's dying incredibly fast. I do not own the game at this time, but I was given an 80% coupon for no reason. Thanks, but no thanks.Gunplay is also meh and there's such a limited amount of guns that it's not even worth it.
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	57.8	Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2017
												I don't know what all you m0therf0ck3rs are on but this game is more than I expected after reading all of these horrible reviews.Graphics wise to be honest, just okay.Everything else? Absolutely amazing. Buy it when it's on sale for 5 euros. A steal.An arcade game you absolutely should not miss.*EDIT* APRIL 4 2018N 1 B B A   why tf is this free now I want my 5 euros back no goddamn appreciation pack
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is waste of money..
Posted: June 20, 2017	2	2	None	52	880.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								TRASH. GARBAGE.
Posted: June 20, 2017	1	2	None	52	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 8
												Give me my fcin money back -.-
Posted: June 20, 2017	7	2	None	52	27.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	9.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game has been forever in early access there\'s a lot of people using hacks and cheating. I never expected a game to stay stuck in its first stage so long and I\'m growing tired of it. It\'s full of bugs, there seems to be no effort to correct them also the development seems to be stuck and it\'s totally not worth the money spent.
Posted: June 20, 2017	0	2	None	52	16.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								Would be nice if my friends played this game...
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	398.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would not say that H1Z1: King of the Kill is easily picked up and played. It possesses a steep learning curve and caters greatly to experienced players. With a confusing menu and pregame lobby, many new players would be overwhelmed with not knowing what to do. With no real instruction or direction on how to play the game, newbies end up landing their parachute in a field and running for 5-10 minutes before finding a house that has already been looted of all weapons and supplies. The game also does not instruct the player on how to do basic essentials – like opening up inventory, how to craft, how to view the map, where the compass is, how to heal, where to find gear and weapons, etc. All of these variables add up to a learning curve that chews up and spits out bloodied and mangled new players. However, once all of these things are learned, 8 hours later, the competition is incredibly fun and rewarding to play. No round is the same, and with a huge map to roam, strategies change often.
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	117.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								So many bugs
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crashes, doesn't launch sometimes, way too many micro transactions, loading times are bad for the amount of time actually spent playing, ranks are pointless, doesn't put you against players of the same skill and not rewarding at all.
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	439.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								love it and hate it :3
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best Survival not thebest business model. i hate Wisenhunt!
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	65.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								SO if you like to listen to musicv this is the game for your friends and famile.. you wanna love people you should probably listen to some mind aganizing screechs of our most bountiful players in our pre game lobby.. enjoy your slice.
Posted: July 12, 2016	1	2	None	209	75.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								there are lots of bugs
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	181.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Koo
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	118.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								good
Posted: July 12, 2016	0	2	None	209	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Error simulator sure is fun!
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	43.6	Recommended	
Posted: April 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great Game! If Only my best friend would get the bloody game! D: Please god!
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	679.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very fun game, even do much things have to be changed this game is still my favorite. Just the fact that you want to survive every day is a fun point, anywho i recommend this game for people that want a challenge every game.
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	74.0	Recommended	
Posted: August 4, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Really nice game, though it has a lot of bugs in it.
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	125.4	Recommended	
Posted: August 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								nice game
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	9.2	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Honestly, best 3 hours of playing this game, I love it. Would recommend because it's one of the best battle royale games ever. ( Pubg is also good tho but still H1Z1 is the shiz) :D
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	34.4	Recommended	
Posted: December 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								very good game !!
Posted: April 15, 2017	2	2	None	52	610.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								daybreak... i hit a guy 3 times with a shotgun and he doesnt die, August 2017 games ♥♥♥♥ing addicting though
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	2.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Awesome game  really liked it if u are going for pubg try this one first but it has some issues like glitches.
Posted: April 15, 2017	1	2	None	52	495.4	Recommended	
Posted: August 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								very nice
Posted: April 15, 2017	0	2	None	52	420.2	Recommended	
Posted: June 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1z1 Kotk is a good game but after awhile it might just get abit repetitive. Its still fun to play though and a recommend trying it out if you haven't done so.:-)
Posted: February 9, 2017	0	2	None	51	354.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								very good theme of the game but poor performance with many bugs... Servers are not working correctly and it has many blackouts when the game is not playable at all. After every update the performance of the game is very poor. They said they spit up for better support but it hasn't happened yet. Usually what KOTK is not working JS is also down.NOT WORTHY OF 20euros
Posted: February 9, 2017	2	2	None	51	31.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is by far one of the worst popular games to date, and 60% of its popularity comes from streamers. With that being said, I'm gonna play some more.
Posted: February 9, 2017	1	2	None	51	130.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is dying, bullets don't register hits half the time, tons of gliches, chinese players on american servers, awful ping, mic spamming is very common, crates suck, overpriced, devs dont fix anything, and the game is garbage.
Posted: February 9, 2017	0	2	None	51	35.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Scroll back up click the search bar.  Type in PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS spend a little more and forget you saw this childish trash game.  Good day.
Posted: February 9, 2017	0	2	None	51	847.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is alot fun, great idea............the rest is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ Daybreak suck, bugs everywhere, car exploding while hitting stupid objects, shotgun not working properly,ETC......................I could go on for an hour just talking about all the stupid bugs dont buy this trash♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: February 9, 2017	1	2	None	51	51.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has more AID's than 90's America.
Posted: February 9, 2017	0	2	None	51	22.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								I was the only one to connect into 5s twice from my team and the gameplay is clunky and looting is terrible. This game is in a terrible state. Do not buy it. PUBG is also in a bad spot. But it is the least stinky pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥out right now. This one is NOT worth your money.
Posted: February 9, 2017	2	2	None	51	235.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Most people see all these negative reviews saying the game is buggy as hell and is♥♥♥♥♥♥go play unknowns and♥♥♥♥♥♥but people do not understand that the game is early access of couse there is gonne be bugs everygame has bugs even play unknowns if you like this game play it if you dont move on no point of telling us how bad you hate the game and that it is buggy
Posted: February 9, 2017	0	2	None	51	125.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Cancer
Posted: February 9, 2017	0	2	None	51	398.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is fun, really fun at times. The factor that makes this game so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ is the terrible developers and the plethora of bugs they won't fix. They add more♥♥♥♥♥♥skins into the game, instead of fixing bugs that would take ~10 minutes to fix for any normal game developer. If H1Z1 would be made by any other development company, it would be better. All in all, ♥♥♥♥ Daybreak Games for making a fun game that is as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as they come.
Posted: March 5	2	2	None	116	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												the game is bad like i cant find my direction to the circle
Posted: March 5	0	2	None	116	15.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I get 7 crates for 9.99 euro f**k off give me my money back.
Posted: March 5	0	2	None	116	9.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Was supposed to go f2p on release. They waited a week to milk what they could, then went f2p....and they want $5 for a hoodie???♥♥♥♥♥♥dev trying to milk a dead game.
Posted: March 5	2	2	None	116	11.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Get my money back 20eu,now free...
Posted: March 5	0	2	None	116	128.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												I paid 13€ for this. Now I know its not even worth when they pay you for it.Billions of bugs and other technical problems. It ruined my mind and keyboard.GL to devs :)PS: Now its free, I want refund. :)
Posted: March 5	1	2	None	116	6.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												paid 5 bucks for a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and nows it free rip me and my wallet
Posted: March 5	0	2	None	116	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5
												i bought this game when it was fun, now i dont even have a choice to play it asd it used to be. terrible.
Posted: March 5	1	2	None	116	141.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												This game is so boring, you should get paid playing it.
Posted: March 5	0	2	None	116	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												better give me my money back now that it's free
Posted: March 5	2	2	None	116	85.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												F2P XDDDD
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	629.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												It's dead
Posted: March 1	2	2	None	22	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												Trash game
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												No advencing while Early Access almost 3 yearsand changed P2W before 2 weeks on 75% sale + humble montly subscribe gameGO DIE DAYBREAK
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												when you buy a game, make time to get into it a month later only to find out its gone free to play during that time. would never recommend. play fortnite or one of the many other battle royale games.
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												Just no
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												It's just, not enjoyable.
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	8.8	Recommended	
Posted: June 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Den/Den
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	39.0	Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun as hell.
Posted: March 1	0	2	None	22	385.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do not play this game! It cant be broken more then it is now!
Posted: March 1	1	2	None	22	1,984.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								H1Z1:KING OF BUGG
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	68.6	Recommended	
Posted: May 19
												Very good and fun. Better than fortnite and pubg.
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1,434.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 19, 2017
												New updates make this game to trash.Free to play ?! Why ? because the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Give money back, because this game free to play, and trash too!
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	4.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												how do you get a refund cuase that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Posted: May 19	1	2	None	36	286.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 19
												Nice to see a game for 20 € going Free2Play. That's how you troll the players.
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	5.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 19
												i want my money back.
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								Sh!t optimisation for lower spec pc's, gameplay good but hackers...
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	259.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 10
												The game was awesome before 1 year. But Daybreak Games destroy it :( Game is now unplayable for a while and I hope that they will realize wich mistake they have made in this game and realize what they made with this game.From begins, I really supported this game because I love it but when PUBG became on market for the same prize they tried to stabilize prize on minimum to let players prefer buy H1Z1 than PUBG and also they destroyed this game with upgrades to make game as much good as PUBG.Now its awful its♥♥♥♥♥♥if it's for 20$ or for free this game is now totally dead and I miss old times ....
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	1,686.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								good game would rate 10/10
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	638.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								bom
Posted: May 19	0	2	None	36	26.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 6
												Such a waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money WHY DID YOU MAKE IT FREE YOU DUMB♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	114.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												H1Z1 is dieing a slow and painful death. Its time to let go
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	41.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												this game was good. now its bad. pls fix devs
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	929.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												I still prefer dayz, but since became free I think i'll recommend this game.
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								زق
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	21.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								don't buy this game, buy Players Unknown instead. Its 100 times better than h1z1
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	1,189.9	Recommended	
Posted: May 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								it's not my King of The Kill .i feel bad:(
Posted: February 28	1	2	None	136	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								noob game ever 
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	243.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 15
												Once a great Game and I spend hours with this, then the PubG Hype started and many players left the Game.Still was great.Then to compensate the lost of many players they started destroying the game with serveral patches...Really sad not the game it used to be anymore!Cant recommend it anymore...but heeey its F2P nowGood for you guys I paid about 20€But had a good time...
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	24.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 26
												Where is my money bih?
Posted: February 28	0	2	None	136	197.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								bad combat style
Posted: November 29, 2016	1	2	None	27	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best Way To Lose Your Money
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	32.6	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								awesome game
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	81.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I bought h1z1 long time ago on sale and never played it. Then decided to play kotk, oh boy what a mistake.PROS-You dont wait for que even if it is late at night it doesnt take more than 5 minutes.( which will be suck later on cons)-Arcadish if you like that kind.CONS-Bugs-If you dont have a good pc you will connect to game later than others and that makes them closer to ground.-Dont know why there are melee weapons.-Dont know why there are grenades( had 1 explode literally on my foot didnt die).-Bow and crossbow dont know why they are in the game either.-You just spray and pray and probably die if you are a new player.-There are ranks but you dont play with the players who are closer or similar to your rank. You have no chance againts high rank players.-You can get easily on top 10 or top 5 if you just sit afk on the edge of the circle.-You will walk a lot( I had 1 game which the circle was kinda far away from where I deployed, by the time I reach the second circle there were 15 remaining).-You get 2 tapped across the map.Players who have high number of hours can enjoy the game but new players will absolutely rage quit.
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	1,073.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								You know if hit registration wasn't so terrible this game might be a little more fun but you guys sure know how to tilt players by screwing it up after patch. Sitting here behind cover and getting shot through the cover. GG daybreak GG...
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	159.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2017
Early Access Review
Just buy PUBG 
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	518.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								I end this game. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥skin paradise and cheater land. Don't buy. !!
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	26.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								pula mea
Posted: November 29, 2016	1	2	None	27	255.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game, filled with bugs and the developers won't do a ♥♥♥♥ing thing to fix it. Full of gamebreaking glitches and bugs. Total waste of ♥♥♥♥ing money
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	2.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								I played when the game was both survival and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They are milking all of you who want to play. They made a zombie game then split it and are now focusing on this. Just Survive gets no attention. Don't waste your time on these devs.
Posted: November 29, 2016	0	2	None	27	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												Free to Play Battle Royale games are better
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	80.7	Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2016
Early Access Review
								I got the game and couldn't stop playng. As many have mentioned there are many bugs but the game is very fun to play and you can easily get into a game that will take less time than any other large games.
Posted: December 20, 2016	1	2	None	34	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 21
Early Access Review
								Thanks humble bundle for giving me acutal trash.
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	57.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								Garbage
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	415.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								Thinking about suicide, thanks H1Z1
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	222.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game should be called King of the Bug, until it's properly fixed i am not gonna bother playn' it.The concept is really cool, games with battle royale mode are few.
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	51.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dont buy this game :D Just buy pubg.
Posted: December 20, 2016	1	2	None	34	330.6	Recommended	
Posted: April 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								great game
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	140.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								h1z1 kotk is the most teeeeeeeeedios peace of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥broken game on the steam store, if you dont like wasting your money then dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it play battlegrounds.
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	751.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								potato developer
Posted: December 20, 2016	0	2	None	34	1.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is complete, utter trash. Don't waste your time attempting to play this , even with my computers good specs it felt choppy. I couldn't even start the game most of the time , and had to reinstall it twice.  If you look at anyone on youtube, they will mark this game out to be fun. It's not at all , you just spawn and die , and your even lucky to make it far into the game. The concept seems fun , but its poorly exectued. The animations are just terrible , such as jumping and the parachuting, it makes me want to vomit. You cant even hop over fences. And good luck new players when the map gives you no hints where you are. And with limited game modes , don't expect a lot of things going on besides landing at a lucky house with a big gun in it. Honestly , I never write reviews about games , but this one... It's just complete , buggy , utter trash that has no value of 20 dollars. Go spend your hard earned cash on a decent game.
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												I feel so bad for those who buyed this  game... now its free and laggy as hell..
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	16	86.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
Early Access Review
								Game was fun, devs stopped caring and made the game evn worse, didnt even bother to make any fixes. PUBG murdered this game for a good reason lmao.
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	754.3	Recommended	
Posted: February 16
Early Access Review
								fun
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	156.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is game is buggy af framerate is horribe even with a good pc shooting system is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	258.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hyvä daybreak KORJAA P.A.S.K.A.S.Ikiitos
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	68.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								很是对游戏无奈，外挂太多了
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	185.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is still in early access.
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	16	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Had been considering to buy for a month or so, free week rolled around, awesome! Installed, made a 3rd party account, tried to log in, error servers down, left it a couple of hours, error verifying account try later. Tried the next day, error maintainance, left it another day, error maintainance. The big red play button looks nice tho.
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	1,078.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Good game wasted a lot of time on it. Best to play with friends. New update needs some work but it has potential
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	16	2.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								good
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	26.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								I'm sorry I would not recommend my friends to buy this game. Because the game development companies do not want to have Chinese players to play this game, do not understand why the lock mainland China ip, is still sold in mainland China.
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	4.8	Recommended	
Posted: May 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Awesome
Posted: January 12, 2017	1	2	None	14	4.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								China numba wan!!!Join RED ARMY on China's newest server: US West. Wear red chinese hoodie and shred everything else. We will team on solos, duos and fives. We will kill everyone else!China numba wan!! Emerica.. Emerica numba one hunnitDisadvantages: Desync, horrible hit registration, teaming, glitches, hackers, Chinese on US servers, bugs, skill gap. This game isn't ready.Go try PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUND! Thank me later.
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	1,816.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 11
Early Access Review
								games awful
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	555.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								When you have a good idea for a game but not the brain cells to execute it....
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	3.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 7
												People that paid for this should get a refund.
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	148.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 5
												I like to have my money back now
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	884.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												is dead
Posted: January 12, 2017	0	2	None	14	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 14
												what kind of pc u need to play that, csgo runs at 400+ fps in low settings, this cant run 30 in lowest settings possible.
Posted: January 12, 2017	1	2	None	14	2.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								IT CHANGED I MISS WAT IT WAS 
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	118.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
												Game has big potential but developers care more about new crates/skins than fixing game. Save your money for something else believe me !- broken hit registration- random loot system (example - 5 AR-15 in 1 house)- delayed looting and interactions with enviroment- cheaters - bad optimization- people with better PC and Internet connection have huge advantage in landing and getting gear sooner.- desync issues- spawns in middle of nowhere. - silent footsteps (sometimes you hear them, its just pure RNG)- buggy and delayed landing- lack of weapons and content in general- poor game and video settings options- cars randomly explodes or get stucked- random disconnects- infinite loading screensUpdate 8.3.2018: A lot of improvements but still lack of content (more weapons would be great). Also big + is new mode Autoroyale which is enjoyable. Besides that game is now Free to Play so i think its worth to try it.
Posted: February 25, 2017	1	2	None	71	2.2	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								good game to pass some time
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	177.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lots of bugs and problems
Posted: February 25, 2017	1	9	None	71	681.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is trash.Every single feature of it is bugged.I don't even understand how i can even think of playing it again.Shotgun is broken, still no fix.Phantom bullets, still no fix.♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitreg, still no fix.Cars exploding randomly just in front of you, or at the begining of the game, still no fix.HUGE lag on every servers, no one cares. (well actually, players do, Daybreak don't gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥15 mins queue to get in a game, to get instantly disconnected or glitched in a car.On the other hand, Daybreak will proudly provide every player a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of skins crates to open for only 2.5€ each.Seriously, don't buy this game, even if it's on sale.
Posted: February 25, 2017	1	2	None	71	16.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 1
												pubg for potato pcs
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	16.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								Does anyone have battlegrounds?
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	78.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Not worth 20€, full of bugs, postponing scheduled updates all the time, bugs, glitches, lag, they don't seem to care about the EU servers, bugs, bugfixes that create more bugs, why more skins??. Fun with friends, and did i forgot to mention bugs?
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	2,878.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												H1Z1 has improved greatly in the past few months.  The game is in a solid state for the most part now and even has modes that newer players can enjoy now.  It is IMO the most difficult BR game to become skilled in, so expect a grind if you're trying to hit higher ranks.
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	234.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1
Posted: February 25, 2017	0	2	None	71	5.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								The loading times are shocking
Posted: February 5	0	2	None	115	1.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 5
Early Access Review
								Got banned for logging into a banned account(not knowing it was banned at the time) and they refused to overturned it.. Never even got to play and got slapped with a ban. Asked them to overturn it and they told me no even tho I didnt even get to play it.
Posted: February 5	1	2	None	115	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Desperate attempt to save an already dead game.
Posted: February 5	0	2	None	115	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								Waste of money. Developers need to stop focusing on microtransactions and instead make decent games.
Posted: February 5	3	2	None	115	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Traded 2 fidget spinners for this game, not worth it
Posted: February 5	0	2	None	115	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												I will sincerely say it, ♥♥♥♥ this game. It is one of the worst games i have played. How can you play such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game with such♥♥♥♥♥♥recoil ? 4 example, i was behind a player. I Shot him very good, the crosshair was on his head, but he didn't died. He turned back and insta head shoted me. How ? Explain me.For such game.. it has been in developing 5 YEARS. I bought this game, it was on SALE, steam SALE. I bought it. 1-2 weeks after i bought it it got free on steam. And why ? I personally think they made it free just to make more players play it, because PUBG is already a succes and they should come with many many updates in H1, PUBG needs also some1 to conquer against. Unless the game is fixed, i don't recommend playing it. Sorry.
Posted: February 5	0	2	None	115	91.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just met a foreign girl in the game, I was very friendly to her gun and asked her steamID, but my English is not very good, did not remember the last because of the gun death.Although most of the players in the game are not friendly, but I still want to meet at the time to say hello, perhaps more than a friend.Finally: try to learn english.
Posted: February 5	1	2	None	115	1.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 11
												long loading time not very fun
Posted: February 5	0	2	None	115	1,896.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Been playing since release, Personally i think the game was better in Z1 (I had about 100 BR wins) but obviously things have to change... I currently HATE the combat update with a burning passion but a lot of people like it, so as my only review for this game before i quit and myself making it top 300 on the NA leaderboards for 3 seasons in a row, I will Reccomend this game as i did enjoy it all the way up until this last update. also here are my personal  Best Clips  ive had on the game, sorry if i seem like a sellout for linking that. but for real H1 is still a really good game for what it is and tries their best for the community. even though the "Community" is only players with maybe 200 hours. i do wish if daybreak did one thing it would be to listen to their core players rather than the new players. If you actually read all of this thank you! and if you buy the game i hope you enjoy it as much as i did!===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☑ Free☐ Fair Price☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☑ Fast☑ High end ☑ NASA computer===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic
Posted: February 5	0	2	None	115	39.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Still full of bugs. In my opinion not worth the money. BR Mod in Arma 3 is far more superior to H1Z1.Lacks weapons, weapon customization, vehicle selection, etc...Just not worth it. For now. 
Posted: February 5	1	2	None	115	12.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												...................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	2	None	46	445.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Having fun being in top ten by hiding and backstabbing plebsKept hearing China numba wan in the lobby9/10
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	2	None	46	218.9	Recommended	
Posted: July 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								meeeega tooll
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	2	None	46	12.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Guy can one tap me with a pistol while I'm wearing armor and a helmet, but I can't kill him with a headshot close range with a shotgun when he's wearing noting. This is legitimately unplayable at this point.
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	2	None	46	336.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												smek rau de tot moca
Posted: January 14, 2017	0	2	None	46	21.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 23
												I like this game but i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥payed 20 dollars for it and now its free.is it free for an amounth of time ? 
Posted: January 14, 2017	3	2	None	46	358.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 11, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is way to ♥♥♥♥ed up you lag you ♥♥♥♥ing get ♥♥♥♥ed up infinite loading screen and when you are ingame you reload and it automatically stops you die you respawn which takes ♥♥♥♥ing 100000000 years to load a minecraft pixled game and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is coming up all time with the bad reviews this game is worth no more then that ♥♥♥♥ing the most cancerious game i have ever played please people who are gay enough to read this go die ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't buy this peice of cancer cells.          They fix ♥♥♥♥ing skins and menu and gaming♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of doing hotfixes and bug fixing ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s man ♥♥♥♥ off and start fixing the ♥♥♥♥ing game you made ♥♥♥♥ing money baiters die
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	2	None	46	2,412.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Will be a great game in the future if Daybreak can get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	2	None	46	157.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 24, 2017
												H1Z1 was a good game 2 years ago, but than Daybreak ruined it and thought it would be better to make it F2P. To say it short Worst game ever.. dont even waste time downloading it... you will have more fun with other Battle Royale games
Posted: January 14, 2017	5	2	None	46	8.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 14
												give money back
Posted: January 14, 2017	1	2	None	46	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												Lol, I pay 20 dolars for this game and now is F2P? wtf? Give my money back!
Posted: July 27	1	2	None	36	7.4	Recommended	
Posted: July 27
												Love it, really fun! idk why people said some comabt update ruined the game, its very fun anyways! Just ran in circles with a police car and got top 10. I've never had more fun in a videogame! Download it now! NOW!
Posted: July 27	0	2	None	36	1,251.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29
												It's a very terrible game, shotgun doesn't work. Daybreak does not know what they are doing anymore. They try to fix it but they can't, the game is too far gone. The game will never be the same again as it was when it first came out. This game had potential, yet they had to ruin it. UNLUCKY.
Posted: July 27	1	2	None	36	1.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 8
												I like it, its like pubg but more.... its not as glitchy as pubg
Posted: July 27	1	2	None	36	239.0	Recommended	
Posted: July 8
												Games great, enjoyable..people who say the game is trash is people who just say it because thats all they hear around them from toxic people....LOL
Posted: July 27	0	2	None	36	91.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 25
												very fun game with friends but seems that devs not giving af for ita bug like 'voice input device stuck' is not fixed for 2 yrs, and other options stuck aswellgame is ocasionally crashing without error (simply exits) or crashing with error (resource bla bla)sometimes we dont even get to select spawn location because it's like perma loading, sometimes you see the safe zone sometimes not
Posted: July 27	0	2	None	36	855.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								sometine its good for youbut... somtime its ! ....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\.... ahhhh... i mean bad
Posted: July 27	2	2	None	36	58.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												"you were killed by disconnected"
Posted: July 27	0	2	None	36	71.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												Good game, 9/10 for me because devs should add some more content like flora and fauna if you know what that means...and also some bugs like doors should be fixed, but anyways game is still atmospheric and this would be +1 from me.
Posted: July 27	0	2	None	36	75.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Best game :D
Posted: July 27	0	2	None	36	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								There's no real training mode (although there is a training option on the main menu which seems to lead nowhere) so the only way you can learn how to play is the 10 seconds you're alive at the start of a round before an experienced player kills you while you try to figure out how to equip the gun if you're lucky enough to even find one. Not my kind of fun.
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	2	None	99	6.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								just get PUBG, not this crap.
Posted: April 24, 2016	1	2	None	99	183.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Yikes...
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	2	None	99	29.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												I paid for this money WHY DID IT MAKE A FREE ????????
Posted: April 24, 2016	2	2	None	99	435.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 10
Early Access Review
								i would rather buy $20 of fap material
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	2	None	99	9.9	Recommended	
Posted: June 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								game sucks without friends
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	2	None	99	26.7	Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Sure it has some bugs, but it doesn't deserver all of the hate it gets. This game is fun, it's free (right now at least), and the community isn't as toxic as I'd expect it to be considering the reviews and the fact that it's a third-person shooter. I like both modes battle and auto royal. Agree or disagree, this is my opinion and I just wish that people didn't get so angry over every little thing...
Posted: April 24, 2016	2	2	None	99	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												GIVE MY MONEY BACK
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	2	None	99	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												♥♥♥♥ing trash game
Posted: April 24, 2016	1	2	None	99	6.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												One of the worst battle loyare games i ever played, the shotguns are OP. Armour does nothing and the Car-jump strat is just cancer. At least do some damage when you exit the car while driving.
Posted: April 24, 2016	0	2	None	99	2.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												Quero meu dinheiro de volta!
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	50.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												mass refund or we riot
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	64.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								cool game to play with friend bad game if you dont know how to play :)
Posted: March 8	1	2	None	197	439.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 26, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								GIVEAWAY!: Lightning AR15rules:+rep on profile 
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	256.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								<3
Posted: March 8	1	2	None	197	292.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								I play a fair amount of this game, but honestly it's pretty broken. This game only exist in it's current state because it fills a void that should be filled by something better. The devs are very slow to make changes and have very poor communication.
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	12.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												i bought this game for $20 a while ago, and now its free. I recommend getting fortnite over this but it comes down to personal preference. its not a bad game but not better than PUBG or Fortnite 
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 17
												Had to refund the game. Couldnt even get in a game beucase the game automatically set resolution at 3440, zoomed in to top left, couldnt see anything. When i rebooted the mouse pointer was off by like 15cm North West
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 18
												Garbage, filled with cheaters, bought it next day its free...|..
Posted: March 8	3	2	None	197	4,726.9	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Best BR game out there!
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	197	129.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								nice game nerds
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	518.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								I end this game. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥skin paradise and cheater land. Don't buy. !!
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	26.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								pula mea
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	385.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 9, 2017
Early Access Review
								I love this game. Its got lots of action to keep u playing the game for hours. I LOVE IT
Posted: October 7, 2017	2	2	None	57	25.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								SPAWN DIE SPAWN DIE SPAWN DIE SPAWN DIE SPAWN DIE!
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	13.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bought this game and here how I met H1Z1:- > Entered solo games, died instantly.-> Entered duos games, survived cause I was camping like a noob-> Entered duos again, instantly died in a gunfight why? because this game has the worstest hitbox I ever experienced in gaming, I surely know if the people who call themselves pros will go to any other games they will shoot like drunk people why? cause you gotta play with lag-shots, sync ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things and retard servers. have 10 hrs, but I regret that I bought it in first place. waste of ♥♥♥♥ing 15$.
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	31.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								Battlegrounds came out so i have no reason for this game.
Posted: October 7, 2017	1	2	None	57	138.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
Early Access Review
								Used to be fun
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	104.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Snooze you lose. #PUBG
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								trash
Posted: October 7, 2017	0	2	None	57	216.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game is complete s***, only reason its being played is because its basically the only BR game out there.Every time they patch the game to fix something, they ruin something else. The game really wants you to have fun though, they even mix it up by giving you blanks! But there is no way to know other than that you shoot at a person and they take no dmg :)  ( JK obviously, its a weapon bug/glitch where you uninentional interrupt the reload )But seriously, if you're interested in playing this game you HAVE to be a chill person. If you're easily tempered this game aint for you.
Posted: January 15, 2017	1	2	None	523	329.7	Recommended	
Posted: January 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								i was king of kill. i ended a man life and then a woman. their blood tasted sweet.
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 9
												My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 14, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	28.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Worst game you could buy. [Hackers]
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	120.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 10
												The old H1Z1 Battle Royale would probably top PUBG as in my favorite Battle Royale games. It was fun and cooky, but sadly the developers did not listen to the player base, and added unneeded content/skins/microtransactions that overall ruined the game. Even if it is now "Free to Play," they still have microtransactions and the game overall looks very poor, comparing it to the old engines it ran on.
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	715.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Daybreak allowed this game to die when they abandoned the community by removing access to custom servers. Tournaments were being hosted, an organic e-sport was developing, and then they took it from us. I see some people saying those of us who have several hundred hours of enjoyment out of this game should leave a positive review, but I disagree. This game is no longer what it once was, they have changed so much that it is now a completley different game that I am reviewing. All this company had to do was tweak a few things and listen to the community members who put thousands of hours into this game in order to balance it out, but they decided to abandon us, go radio silence for months on end, and then come up with this Auto Royale nonsense that NO ONE ASKED FOR. Auto Royale is a sad attempt to bring back players but it will not work. Most of us have moved on to other games and I don't think any of the casual or even semi-serious players are interested in coming back. Daybreak and Twin Galaxies seem to be trying to push H1PL (H1 Pro League), but it will be a joke and the only players that return to participate in this league will be those trying to make a quick buck, not for love of the game. Alot of the former H1 pro's are now playing PUBG professionally and I hope they don't get tricked into leaving PUBG to participate in something that doesn't have a chance at regaining the momentum it once had. I will never purchase or play another Daybreak Games title again.
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	1,440.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do you want to get cancer ? BUY IT! It's like cigarette you are addicted but killing you... The game with full of bugs... Full of players whom using macro... Full of people who have higher system than yours...
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								bad game
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	9.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												Trash game that went free after taking people's money a long time ago.11/10 would pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev team again.
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
												Longest down time to any game i've seen. Then when you get in gotta 7/10 chance of getting killed right of the bat. Then gotta wait again. Probably cause i suck but still waiting in the lobby shouldn't be that long.
Posted: January 15, 2017	0	2	None	523	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 15
Pros:Cons:Bad optimisationLoot BoxesHackersControls
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	371.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 23
												devs are the most ♥♥♥♥ing laziest people on the planet and they give zero ♥♥♥♥♥ about their game. this game will go to straight to the grave where it ♥♥♥♥ing belongs.
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash bought it literally a month ago and now it's ♥♥♥♥ing free. Highkey NOT over it.
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	45.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Terrible Engine, Boring Gameplay  I'd Say wait for Battlegrounds KOTK is overrated
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	6.2	Recommended	
Posted: July 11
												Nice game
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	282.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Somehow manage to ♥♥♥♥ up the shotgun every single patch
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	20.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								god game
Posted: May 23	4	2	None	16	26.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								In my personal opinion - hell no.I thought that battle royal could be fun, well now I don't think so.-90% of all you time will be spent for looting and running, next 10% will be spent by frequently dying.-There is not a single way to get better (like some special mods) - there is only a training mode where is literaly no loot.-The better PC you have = the better chance to survive: If you have better pc - the loading will be quicker = you will land   before the ''potato pc'' can even see the fuc*ing ground.-Weapons have really mad spray pattern: most of the time you will just spam the frickin' mouse button faster than EA trying to sell you DLC.After all -it would be slightly better than cancer if I only knew how to play it. 
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	9.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 5
												Trash game that went free after taking people's money a long time ago.11/10 would pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev team again.
Posted: May 23	0	2	None	16	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
												Longest down time to any game i've seen. Then when you get in gotta 7/10 chance of getting killed right of the bat. Then gotta wait again. Probably cause i suck but still waiting in the lobby shouldn't be that long.
Posted: May 23	1	2	None	16	2.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 15
												My wooden pc runs this. 
Posted: November 13, 2017	1	2	None	6	2,750.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								My favorite pc game, I hope Daybreak games has what it takes to keep the game going!
Posted: November 13, 2017	0	2	None	6	335.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 19, 2016
Early Access Review
								Its a really fun game, one of the best games I have ever played. Only thing is, its sooo buggy. There are so many issues, disconnecting randomly, falling through the map, decent chance it crashes when you alt-tab, servers are sometimes insanely laggy, list goes on and on. Even tho its this buggy, its still worth buying just because its so good.
Posted: November 13, 2017	2	2	None	6	4.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Instant Regret buying this game even when it's on sale because this game is free now
Posted: November 13, 2017	0	2	None	6	44.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Spawn system terribleLoot system much terrible Shooting much much terribleThey add new updates with corrupted data which crashes the gameAnd dont even get me started on the launcher 98% of players have to delete a certain file in order to be able to launch the game everytime they ReLaunch the Launcher. Tried supporting the game but .. not worth it.
Posted: November 13, 2017	1	2	None	6	42.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												rip money
Posted: November 13, 2017	1	2	None	6	12.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												Okay like everyone else i purchased this game and it was sh*t and now it's free wtf i want a fuc*ing refund....
Posted: November 13, 2017	0	2	None	6	206.0	Recommended	
Posted: February 5
												Good game in general, but is still early access and there are too many problems to address before the final release..
Posted: November 13, 2017	0	2	None	6	2.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 12
												I'd say H1Z1 is still not ready to quit beta but it did. I'm not pleased with such event because of critical problems with the game itself and minor issues.Starting out of that this game shouldn't have quit beta yet - it's still fckin buggy and people have several problems with it like everything is black&white (not even gray, but black and white), game crashes even whole PC, can't click mouse button after looting someone etc. Second thing is the graphics - feeling quite old, like a 2008 year game. Imo very bright and poor shading. Third thing is the engine - in fact it is written using the same engine as other royales as PUBG or Fortnite, physics seems unpleasant, too stiff, jump looks like there is low gravity and you can't parkour as well. And I've heard that Daybreak kinda doesn't listen to the players.What is nice in the game is that it's a precursor for any battle royale games that have been released lately. It used to be good but PUBG's domination drove Daybreak crazy so they have begun doing some bad sheet with the game. I also love the police cars, drivin' fast with pursuit lights and siren on is something amazing - I miss that in PUBG actually. I also like the ideas of auto royale - something different and fast-paced to stress out for sure, and combat field - you can test physics, weapons, placing, reaction etc, very good for newcomers and people who want to practice. PUBG should have any training gamemode available as well imo. Also the fact it is now FTP is good on one side cause you can test out another battle royale for free (not only Fortnite that differs much from H1Z1 and PUBG) and a little bad at the same time cause possibility of more cheaters.Verdict? Rather negative, sorry. However it was released quite long time ago, it's way behind PUBG that is a newer production. Whereas PUBG's beta quit was a revolution, H1Z1's quit was disappointing. Physics is still stiff and weird and graphics seem old. As it became FTP there may be more contributors to test it out, but since it's not beta there are no open tests and it would seem like the game will have no revolution soon, also according to the fact that Daybreak kinda ignores what do people want. In current case it's not good even for a FTP game to be so messed up. H1Z1 used to be a good game, but now in current state it's broken and buggy.
Posted: November 13, 2017	0	2	None	6	762.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								An effing joke of a game, begrudgingly play it with friends because the market for these kind of games we all have is thin, the past month, i could comfortably say at least 50-60% of my games (in any of the three categories), has been completely ruined by either hackers (which they STILL havent got on top of), or the fuc*ing Chinese "red army" teaming. I've poured alot of hours into both JS and KOTK, hoping that DAYBREAK will get their sh*t together, but i seriously fuc*ing doubt it. DO NOT BUY THIS SH*T.
Posted: November 13, 2017	1	2	None	6	688.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥bugy retardet game ♥♥♥♥ing retardet noobs programers daybrake ♥♥♥♥s
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	16.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								this is♥♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	5.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								never played worse game to be fair. 0/10
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Pubg is way better yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	1.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								just sucks
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	1,436.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥br>
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	14.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Everyone is super tryahard and kill hungry in this game, they will hunt you down from one side of the hudge map to the other side.  ill take PUBG instead
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	513.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								This Game Is Horrible. The Shot Gun Is Not fun AT ALL. i REALLY Recommend PUBG Or The other new game over this game. The SHotgun and constant glitches in this game are to much. I uninstalled it today and will never play it again. The developers are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s as well.
Posted: June 27, 2017	1	2	None	11	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								its sh*t dont buy
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	512.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								So bad  
Posted: June 27, 2017	0	2	None	11	64.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												GIVE MY MONEY BACK
Posted: March 8	1	2	None	300	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke.
Posted: March 8	2	2	None	300	1,194.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Why Early Access?“H1Z1 has always been developed under the principle of creating a game side-by-side with our players, and we’ve used Early Access as an opportunity to grow our relationship with our community. We will continue to use player feedback to plot the course for King of the Kill and to make it as good as we all know it can be.”Is this first April fool or sth? 
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	300	33.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 3
Early Access Review
								I could have given this 20 dollars to cancer research, but this game gave me cancer so all my money going towards cancer treatment will one help to find the cure.H1Z1 devs know that in order to fix a problem, you have to contribute to it first.
Posted: March 8	1	2	None	300	1,190.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								I can assure you that more than half of my playing time is either waiting for the game to start, loading, server maintanence, launcher bugs, etc.This game is broken beyond repair but its so ♥♥♥♥ing fun holy♥♥♥♥♥♥help me.
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	300	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Bought the game, few month's later it's free... FML
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	300	703.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								Still pretty amazing game, even though the player base INSANELY drop I still enjoy this game to what it's like compared to other BR games.
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	300	11.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												Let's be honest the game did well until PUBG and fortnite came along. The H1Z1 team clearly didn't know how to respond to that which ment their game is now dead and they have resorted to making it a free to play after charging people to play it before. Question is, where's my money now?
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	300	92.1	Recommended	
Posted: December 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Nice game :DAnd some fix with optimalization :D
Posted: March 8	0	2	None	300	7.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hit registry is worse than Ubisoft's servers
Posted: March 8	1	2	None	300	8.0	Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												You Like? Cause i do! forget about the bad reviews there just salty casue they bought it and didn't get a refuund when it became free XD so join me?
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	1,388.5	Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2017
												Best game I've ever played but got ruined when the ''Combat Update'' came in around Pre-Season 5 that destroyed the animations, movement models, weapons, colors and more further on.I bought the game in Pre-Season 4 and tried it somtimes but started playing serious at Pre-Season 6 and then I thought that the game was pretty ok, but then Daybreak implemented more movement and recoil changes that kinda destroyed the game for me, also with the new ranking system in Season ONE now. I still got Royalty but not Royalty 1 and I would've gotten that with the old system.They also changed the UI that just didn't look good at around Season ONE and lost the clean purple theme.I love this game but it just didn't get treated well, I also took this game competitive and sometimes I just raged to hard and talked to much♥♥♥♥♥♥because I thought I was superior but now when I've taken a huge break and started to play more Fortnite and CS as example I've stopped being so serious all the time and just take it as a game for once and for all.I'm more positive now and don't like to insult people like in H1Z1 I did before because I thought I was better, I don't like to take risks to discriminate neither do I like when people discriminate when I'm there and the victim also is there and takes it as offensive, Fortnite isn't a competitive game for me and I can just have fun joking around with my friends all night long. ''Fortnite all night'' lulWorth buying it but now since it's gone free to play and with the updates that killed the game and the small player base I just don't wanna grind it anymore. I remember I grinded this game so hard, that's why I have 1,4K hours in this game, because I loved it and played it all day cuz it just felt so good and I thought I was gonna get somewhere with my skill and I did actually achieve some nice high kill wins and the highest rank ingame.Thanks Daybreak for this game but not for the updates that kinda ''killed'' the game.
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	31.3	Recommended	
Posted: April 11
												Dead but still alright to play. I still prefer it to PUBG
Posted: November 29, 2017	1	2	None	10	29.9	Recommended	
Posted: January 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								i fell down in the ground , then i fell down the world , traveled to another dimension and got killed by gas.10/10
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	24.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 28
												daybreak trying to fix this game is like pounding dog **** with a mallet and expecting it to be all better.
Posted: November 29, 2017	1	2	None	10	584.3	Recommended	
Posted: November 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								4月份开始玩的H1Z1这款游戏，到现在已经8个月了，我经历了这款游戏的巅峰期，也经历了这款游戏的外挂泛滥期，毁掉这款游戏有两个原因，一是应为当外挂泛滥亚太的时候，黎明公司没有一点作为，而且我们中国玩家购买源代码给公司处理，二是应为游戏的平繁改动，现在基本上是一个月改动四次，而且改的一次不如一次，没有那个改动是令玩家满意的，黎明公司一点也不考虑玩家的反馈意见和感受，一直无脑的改动，没有一个固定版本，或许你们应该反思一下从4月份到现在这款到底经历了什么，外挂不可怕，我被刚倒了，站起来我再刚，可是这种平繁改动真的很难受，把你们做皮肤的心放在治理外挂和版本上面，这款游戏现在绝对不会这么乏味，这几个月一直在坚持，可是我再也坚持不下去了，再见H1Z1
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 23
												It's just, not enjoyable.
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	39.0	Recommended	
Posted: January 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Fun as hell.
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	385.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do not play this game! It cant be broken more then it is now!
Posted: November 29, 2017	1	2	None	10	1,984.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								H1Z1:KING OF BUGG
Posted: November 29, 2017	0	2	None	10	390.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								As someone who has played this game from the beginner with close to 1k hours with the old game and new one combined I think I can finally write a good review. This game has got to be the most pathetic game a human being could invest their money in. After like 3 years of this game being out they finally made a combat zone to practice your aim and such. I enjoy playing that and recommend people to play it. But stop there. DO NOT GO INTO AN ACTUAL GAME. If you play 5s, there are no aim battles. Its a bunch of pathetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who just rush you with the broken shotgun. Sometimes you got one pumped through armour and helmet. Sometimes it takes 4 shots to kill someone without armour with the shotgun. Its not an aim battle either. Just run inside of eachother till this♥♥♥♥♥♥gun finally connects a shot. If you play doubles you get pinched every fight because everyone has their own car. If you get hit once get ready for the shotgun battle because its inneviatble. Don't loot AR's cuz you dont get to use them anyway. Just get a shotgun and prepare for the anal♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Solo's aren't too bad other than the fact that you only get to have shotgun battles because no one can have normal AR battles. Then if you do manage to get an AR fight, you better thank Thor for it because its the only one youre gonna get, you get grenades thrown at your tree or vehicle every time so its not a fair battle anyway. The devs just release ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crates and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ events. They don't know how to make a game that everyone is telling them exactly how to make. its a bunch of sad little men who clearly don't have the IQ to think properly. Its just sad. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME unless you have a fetish for downloading games and refunding them within an hour. 10/10 would NEVER recommend this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. I hope everyone at DAYBREAK gets held at gunpoint and forced to play there game nonstop for a month. I think its our only hope of ever getting a half decent game. GET A GRIP DAYBREAK!
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	9.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game has been forever in early access there\'s a lot of people using hacks and cheating. I never expected a game to stay stuck in its first stage so long and I\'m growing tired of it. It\'s full of bugs, there seems to be no effort to correct them also the development seems to be stuck and it\'s totally not worth the money spent.
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	16.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								Would be nice if my friends played this game...
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	398.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would not say that H1Z1: King of the Kill is easily picked up and played. It possesses a steep learning curve and caters greatly to experienced players. With a confusing menu and pregame lobby, many new players would be overwhelmed with not knowing what to do. With no real instruction or direction on how to play the game, newbies end up landing their parachute in a field and running for 5-10 minutes before finding a house that has already been looted of all weapons and supplies. The game also does not instruct the player on how to do basic essentials – like opening up inventory, how to craft, how to view the map, where the compass is, how to heal, where to find gear and weapons, etc. All of these variables add up to a learning curve that chews up and spits out bloodied and mangled new players. However, once all of these things are learned, 8 hours later, the competition is incredibly fun and rewarding to play. No round is the same, and with a huge map to roam, strategies change often.
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	117.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								So many bugs
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crashes, doesn't launch sometimes, way too many micro transactions, loading times are bad for the amount of time actually spent playing, ranks are pointless, doesn't put you against players of the same skill and not rewarding at all.
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	439.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								love it and hate it :3
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best Survival not thebest business model. i hate Wisenhunt!
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	65.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								SO if you like to listen to musicv this is the game for your friends and famile.. you wanna love people you should probably listen to some mind aganizing screechs of our most bountiful players in our pre game lobby.. enjoy your slice.
Posted: June 1, 2016	1	2	None	34	75.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								there are lots of bugs
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	34	181.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Koo
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	727.3	Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								<3 !!!!
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	76.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game was nice at first then now, its sooo buggy!!! i mean you buy this game to stare at the loading screen. When you get in the game it will just you back to the loading screen again. For short you bought this game to stare at the loading screen...
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	8.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								So far so good used to be a buggy game after releae of pubg they fixed it a lot no fps issue works well no crashes overall decent game ro play
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	133.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lot of people with aimbots cheating. Glitches in almost every run of the game.
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	23.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								Acually the worst competitively played game I have ever played (and I have played AVA).Seriously don't buy it its a waste of money just go gamble with the money thats definitely more fun than this game.
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	3.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game sucks 0/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	754.3	Recommended	
Posted: May 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								best game on steam
Posted: September 30, 2017	0	2	None	164	205.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 21, 2016
Early Access Review
								Game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: September 30, 2017	1	2	None	164	12.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Oh boy...And i thought PUBG was bad. Welcome to H1Z1. Everything in this game is awful. From the gameplay to the community and to the random crashes after ending a match.There is so much more negative things to say but the people below already did it for me. I wanted to buy it and check it out but thankfully they put it on a free week before i make the mistake and actually do it. Thank you Daybreak, for clearing my mind not to spend my 5 euros on this piece of crap.
Posted: September 30, 2017	2	2	None	164	11.5	Recommended	
Posted: December 13, 2016
Early Access Review
								WAITING SIMULATOR16/10 - WOULD BUY AGAIN
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	249.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								A lot of bugs, errors, crashes. Otherwise game is good.
Posted: December 28, 2016	1	2	None	8	201.3	Recommended	
Posted: February 5
Early Access Review
								My favorite game ever
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	40.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1
Early Access Review
								Do yourself a favor and grab fortnite for free. This is a dying game with an extremely toxic community. Devs care more about skins than the game. Gets worse every update.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	729.7	Recommended	
Posted: February 11
Early Access Review
								Pretty dead game
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	380.6	Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2016
Early Access Review
								It's a fun game but it is insanely buggy as well as difficult to pick up, alot of practice is required to be able to actually kill ppl in the game.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	7.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												Honestly, this game was quite horrible, the gameplay was aweful, the split between the origin of the game was a mistake, if it was up to me i would of kept the 2 combined, but had the just survive more of an arcade mode, or like creative, or hell even like game modes, something fun, to me the game got stale quick, i wouldnt reccomend this game but if you want to buy it to try it go ahead, i got sick and tired of hackers and other people, overall i had a terrible time playing this
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	324.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								china number one
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	103.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								FIXING YOUR annoying BUGS SHOULD BE A PRIORITY. Don't be that type of gaming company. It really takes the fun out when you get a bug that makes you unable to move and forces you to leave the game. It also very annoying when that happens to you 5 times in a row.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	598.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game will ruin every friendship you have.
Posted: December 28, 2016	0	2	None	8	28.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								too much bug but good game
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	9.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								They don't fix games, DAYBREAK games. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	181.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								I would have more fun being in a coma than playing this piece of garbage.
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	40.6	Recommended	
Posted: December 3, 2016
Early Access Review
								shooting is weird and seems to miss for no reason....but its very fun and i enjoy it alot 
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	1,447.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								It's a very fun game, i love it, but the producers and the bugs make me tired of the game some times.But still cant stop playing it. xD
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	6.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								Those survival game lovers should give this game a try. This game is much more fun to play with friends as a team.
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	1,566.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								DONT BUY  
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	462.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very♥♥♥♥♥♥game :D
Posted: March 4, 2017	1	2	None	52	22.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Little weapons, same boring maps, no improvements, etc... .\..\ ...\....\.....\......\.......\........\.........V
Posted: March 4, 2017	0	2	None	52	100.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game would be so much better if Daybreak would actually debug the game
Posted: March 4, 2017	1	2	None	52	657.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is the worst best game that you are going to play if you enjoy geting killed by nothing and dissconecting over nothing and getting stuck in ur car for no reason buy it and play this game :D
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	520.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very fun game. Constant glitching and bugs make it unplayable at times. Not worth the money until major bug fixes are done.
Posted: January 1, 2017	1	2	None	19	4.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best Way To Lose Your Money
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	32.6	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								awesome game
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	81.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I bought h1z1 long time ago on sale and never played it. Then decided to play kotk, oh boy what a mistake.PROS-You dont wait for que even if it is late at night it doesnt take more than 5 minutes.( which will be suck later on cons)-Arcadish if you like that kind.CONS-Bugs-If you dont have a good pc you will connect to game later than others and that makes them closer to ground.-Dont know why there are melee weapons.-Dont know why there are grenades( had 1 explode literally on my foot didnt die).-Bow and crossbow dont know why they are in the game either.-You just spray and pray and probably die if you are a new player.-There are ranks but you dont play with the players who are closer or similar to your rank. You have no chance againts high rank players.-You can get easily on top 10 or top 5 if you just sit afk on the edge of the circle.-You will walk a lot( I had 1 game which the circle was kinda far away from where I deployed, by the time I reach the second circle there were 15 remaining).-You get 2 tapped across the map.Players who have high number of hours can enjoy the game but new players will absolutely rage quit.
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	1,073.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 5, 2016
Early Access Review
								You know if hit registration wasn't so terrible this game might be a little more fun but you guys sure know how to tilt players by screwing it up after patch. Sitting here behind cover and getting shot through the cover. GG daybreak GG...
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	159.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2017
Early Access Review
Just buy PUBG 
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	518.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								I end this game. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥skin paradise and cheater land. Don't buy. !!
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	26.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								pula mea
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	2,245.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								As it is, it is already a great game. I am excited to see what the future holds for H1Z1.Would recommend it to anyone looking to have some fun while killing some time.
Posted: January 1, 2017	0	2	None	19	12.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								If you need help with this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, there is no need to send supporticket. Thay don't aswer anyways.... ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!!
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	22.2	Recommended	
Posted: December 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								its fun
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	139.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Well I have not played this game in a couple of months and came back to it with hopes that all the isues within this game may well have been sorted ((( HAHAHAHA ))) First game dropped in landed and ended up under the map looking up at the police car I had drop in to get. What a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥this game really is. If the Devs spent half the time on actually fixing the bugs that they did rinsing the ♥♥♥♥ out of peoples wallets with new crates here and new crates there then KOTK could and should have been a great game. BROKEN TO ♥♥♥♥ NEVER TO BE FIXED. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	1.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 2, 2016
Early Access Review
								Glitchy as hell, Most of the time unplayable, crate prices seem ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, returned it.
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	1,353.6	Recommended	
Posted: September 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								9/10
Posted: December 31, 2017	1	2	None	30	105.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								if you could get it to start you will enjoy it.
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	129.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								buggy garbage mess
Posted: December 31, 2017	1	2	None	30	555.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								get me off this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: December 31, 2017	1	2	None	30	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Trying for the first time this game and I receive this error - GAME ERROR - CODE G29.Enjoy this review until you fix your game.
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	491.7	Recommended	
Posted: September 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Najlepsza gra roku 2016 2017 moim zdaniem cudna jest tylko jeden problem Daybreak zacznijcie naprawiac bledy a nie dodawac skiny
Posted: December 31, 2017	0	2	None	30	1,447.7	Recommended	
Posted: November 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								It's a very fun game, i love it, but the producers and the bugs make me tired of the game some times.But still cant stop playing it. xD
Posted: March 9	2	2	None	117	8.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												I PAID THIS AND NOW THIS SH*T IS FREE ? EVEN IF IT'S FREE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥STILL BULLSH%T DON'T INSTALL THIS CRAP
Posted: March 9	1	2	None	117	18.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 4
												get aimbotted by cheaters all the time. not worth buying.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	7.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bad net connection, lock my weapon too frequently. Trash Game.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	53.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Its free :)
Posted: March 9	1	2	None	117	13.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Just save your ♥♥♥♥ing money. ok.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 10
												i paid $0 for this and i feel riped off
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	46.4	Recommended	
Posted: March 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is awesome for first 30h. After that its just boring. Nothing new, same guns (this is bad i think) they should include more guns and gadget for them. I played 40h and now i havent played it for 3 months.
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	4.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								rubbish. full of cheaters and bugs
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	1.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												OROSBU COCUKLARI BEN BU OYUNA ZAMANINDA 31 TL VERMİŞTİM ŞİMDİ FREE TO PLAY OLDU AMK GERİ VERİN PARAMI
Posted: March 9	0	2	None	117	693.4	Recommended	
Posted: February 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								i hate this game
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	251.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
Early Access Review
								Games dead because the devs are terrible.. When the devs actually cared about their game, almost every game there was atleast over 100 people, now I can't even get in a game with over 50 on Au servers. An example of them not caring about their game would be the grenade bug, where you would need to click about 10 times before the grenades actually threw, this was in the game since launch and took them over a year to even fix, absolute trash devs, would not recommend buying this game anymore. It's a shame because the game was actually fun and good, now the AR sounds like a pea shooter, every change they make is terrible, 0 thought process goes into everything they change.
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	700.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								Devolpers do not care about the game at all.
Posted: February 10	2	2	None	30	1,427.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 14
Early Access Review
								Your game used to be fun, now it is aids!
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	3.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								Bad game!
Posted: February 10	1	2	None	30	39.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!The Game in its current state has many bugs and hitreg is sometimes off, wich is not that bad because you can fix everything with some patches right? Well no.....Their SJW ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-Team can't code for♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a horrible management or probably (what i think) just talentless devs. Comparison: 1 Dev From Bethesda > All Devs from H1Z1
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	230.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitboxes #shotgun brokenalways get one hitted by shotgun and i have to hit them 5 times
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	10.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												I reccomend this. Good game :3 
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	332.8	Recommended	
Posted: March 13
												I got the game when season 1 started in Z1 and at season 3 or 4 i stopped playing the game and now when its free my friends got the game and we play together and we are HAVING a blast playing h1 now! :D So if you are thinking about downloading the game i would say. DO IT!  :D
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	49.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								the devolopers dont care about the core game anymore. stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥hasnt been fixed. there are no new guns or craftables. there is the same lame map. the optimization has gotten better. all day break cares about is skins, items, and micro transactions. if you are looking for a BETTER survival battle royal game buy Unknown Players Battlegrounds. they at least care enough to make getting out of a vehicle at high speed cause damage to the player. this game is a joke of epic perportions and has run its course.
Posted: February 10	0	2	None	30	26.1	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								pula mea
Posted: April 19	1	2	None	209	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 19
												♥♥♥♥ this game i paid however mich for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its ♥♥♥♥ing free to play i want my money back for this♥♥♥♥♥♥game that is buggy as ♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	1.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 11
												The main 2 experiences you will get from this game:Spawn, die. Spawn walk 10 feet get insta head shot.
Posted: April 19	1	2	None	209	19.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												do not buy this trash and dead game
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	2.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												lol
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	18.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								BIGGES PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I HAVE EVER PLAYED. This game sucks so much, this is not even funny or feel good.
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	1,504.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 23, 2017
												this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game plz play it cuz its fun
Posted: April 19	1	2	None	209	1,272.6	Recommended	
Posted: September 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's aight
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	2,106.9	Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥ing amazing game
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	213.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Developers are lazy and cares only about $$$. Bugs rarely gets fixed not talking about new features which are somewhere hundreds lightyears away from developers minds.
Posted: April 19	0	2	None	209	1,024.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Was a great game. BUT now tryingto be to much like pubg and sucking at it. DO NOT BUY THIS DoGSH**ofagame
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	11.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Next level stuff, the chance of the game even working is rng
Posted: December 30, 2016	1	2	None	38	760.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								garbage game
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	584.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game concept is great, but the dev team is either stupid as ♥♥♥♥, or could care less about anything but money. Considering the endless ammount of bugs yet they keep pushing crate after crate with little to no advancements on the real bugs in the game.
Posted: December 30, 2016	1	2	None	38	16.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Poorly optimized
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								For some reason people seem to be downvoting this game simply due to the bugs and glitches, when in reality they should be donwvoting it because it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.-5 minute que to get into a game even with 40,000 people playing-another 3 minutes of loading before the game begins-spawn in, parachute to the ground-wander around for 2 minutes then get shot by a chinese man in a teleporting carAlright, maybe I just got unlucky, lets go again-another 8 minute wait and I'm back in-get some guns, feel confident-get an alert that gas is coming, need to check my map-map doesn't display my location, absolutely no landmarks besides a lake to get my bearings-people keep dying-I keep getting caught in a gas and running, eventually get to a safe zone-6 people remaining, haven't seen a single player this entire 20 minute game-more gas comes and I die-I realize I spent the last half an hour running away from gas in an empty map without seeing a single other player or firing a gunI didn't encounter a single glitch besides a laggy chinese man, but the game itself is just boring as hell. Plus the fact that the game doesn't even come with the survival mode is a total scam. Stay away
Posted: December 30, 2016	1	2	None	38	28.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								The ♥♥♥♥ing game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥so far. Buggs as ♥♥♥♥ and the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. How long does it ♥♥♥♥ing take to make a game? YOu want my car to actully come up to a certain level you dum ♥♥♥♥ed up ♥♥♥♥♥s. I will heil so far up your asses you pieces of ♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	36.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Idk about this one.
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	0.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 24, 2016
Early Access Review
								:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	438.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Too many issues to fix, and if some get fixed, they create new ones.Might be impossible with this engine.
Posted: December 30, 2016	0	2	None	38	16.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								this is♥♥♥♥♥♥game
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	1,500.1	Recommended	
Posted: March 11
												H1z1 is a really good game, it is really fun to play with friends. if you want a fast paced battle royale game that is not all about looting h1z1 is the game for you :)
Posted: March 11	1	2	None	49	0.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 19
												♥♥♥♥ this game i paid however mich for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its ♥♥♥♥ing free to play i want my money back for this♥♥♥♥♥♥game that is buggy as ♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	2.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game sucks do not buy-shooting and aiming sucks-badly optimised-there is no matchmaking, or it is broken-cheatres 
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	12.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												this game is a disgrace to the battle royale genre
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	213.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								Developers are lazy and cares only about $$$. Bugs rarely gets fixed not talking about new features which are somewhere hundreds lightyears away from developers minds.
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	1,024.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								Was a great game. BUT now tryingto be to much like pubg and sucking at it. DO NOT BUY THIS DoGSH**ofagame
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	0.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 20
												No.
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 17
												Even for free this game is garbage.
Posted: March 11	0	2	None	49	629.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 1
												It's dead
Posted: March 11	2	2	None	49	98.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 20
												Trash game
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	24.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 26, 2017
Early Access Review
								no
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	11.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24
												Somehow manages to be more boring than Boringgrounds itself.
Posted: October 26, 2017	1	2	None	96	10.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24
												This game is a buggy mess. Just play Fortnite or PUBG.
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	13.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24
												Decent game but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers. These guys had this game marked at $20 and then all the sudden because fortnite was kicking their♥♥♥♥♥ they make it free. I paid full price for this game and thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I would be happy with a refund of my $20.
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	475.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2017
Early Access Review
								Trash1Z1
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	114.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								bad optimization
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	0.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Dont buy this game horrible game providers made a game and trying to sell it.... Go and buy dog food and than go feed street animals with this money.
Posted: October 26, 2017	1	2	None	96	52.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Was one of my favourite games before devs ruint it. Don’t buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ better get PUGB
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	243.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Spinning in circles with a shotgun simulator.
Posted: October 26, 2017	0	2	None	96	624.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								I had so much fun before the combat update.
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	481.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 25, 2017
Early Access Review
								piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥trash game do not play or you will regret it
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	251.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 10
Early Access Review
								Games dead because the devs are terrible.. When the devs actually cared about their game, almost every game there was atleast over 100 people, now I can't even get in a game with over 50 on Au servers. An example of them not caring about their game would be the grenade bug, where you would need to click about 10 times before the grenades actually threw, this was in the game since launch and took them over a year to even fix, absolute trash devs, would not recommend buying this game anymore. It's a shame because the game was actually fun and good, now the AR sounds like a pea shooter, every change they make is terrible, 0 thought process goes into everything they change.
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	484.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Nice game! I like it to play with my friends :3
Posted: April 25, 2017	1	2	None	25	49.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 22
Early Access Review
								LidL battle royale game forsenKekPlayed a game which started with 8 people, 5 people left, about to go for the drop and 3 people all teaming come up to me and kill me. Recommended.
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	4.0	Recommended	
Posted: November 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								Zabugovana p*******
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	377.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								BRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCHBRING BACK PRE SEASON 3 PATCH
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	2,759.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 7, 2016
Early Access Review
								<3 This game. Devs need to spend more time on Just Survive!!
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	10.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 24
Early Access Review
								RIP , LOL
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	8.2	Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								Whenever I open the H1Z1 Game file, after I logged in my account, these ads will directly pop-out in my google browser and I can't even play the game because of these ads that will continually open in my google browser. How to fix this? Need help
Posted: April 25, 2017	0	2	None	25	8.7	Recommended	
Posted: June 24, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								its top game i like this
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	211.5	Recommended	
Posted: April 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								H1Z1 King of the Kill is a big name on the steam market right now. Do I pick H1 or Battlegrounds? Well, if you see this review, then you know what the big difference is. I used to be really good at CS and I consider my past self as an addict. But now, I love H1Z1 KOTK because its so casual. Sure, there is ranks and all that, but just hopping in a 20-30 minute game when you don't really get a penalty for leaving is a great part of the game. I love playing with my friends, even though there isn't a rank system for teams :(. If you want a more competitive slow paced, competitive battle royale game, than get battlegrounds. Suggestions for Daybreak:Ranking System for Duos and FivesRandom crate dropsVoice Chat ImprovementVibrancyThanks for reading.
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	28.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 11, 2017
Early Access Review
								It has a arcade shooter feeling to it, can't say I enjoy it anymore, only 4 rifles, shotgun, AR15, AK 47 and a hunting rifle which comes in a air drop (can't be picked up in the world, supply drops only, last time I have played), did a 8.2 GB update, jumped into the game, got one shot with AR15 in the face... Wasn't wearing a helmet...  I hear Player Unknown Battlegrounds is pretty good and much slower gameplay, I think that would be more fitting for me
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	116.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	79.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												D E A D   G A M E
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	44.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 30, 2017
Early Access Review
								get Pubg
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	172.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												Game was fun orginally, hopefully z1 remastered revives this.
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	495.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 5, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								this game will make you mad, very very mad, waste your money, and your time. the game is broken and most likely wont be fixed for a while
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	5.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK 
Posted: April 11, 2017	1	2	None	23	23.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 4
												spent 30 dollars on this ♥♥♥♥ing garbage 3 months ago, and turned out to hate it. then it goes free, I want to ♥♥♥♥ing die. 30 DOLLARS DOWN THE DRAIN!
Posted: April 11, 2017	0	2	None	23	4.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 20
Early Access Review
								Buy PUBG for better experience
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	10.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												i buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥when it was early access and play just 10hour and unistall and now it out of early access and i want try it it close by it self and i snd ticket i recive this:Fraudmonkey Yesterday at 22:56This account appears to be from a region that is no allowed per our Terms of ServiceYou can view our knowledge base for suggestions, but we cannot continue to support you or this account.Regards,Scott "Fraudmonkey" DaleCustomer Service Manager/Fraud ManagerDaybreak Gamesand they promise to every one that buy this game reward . and my reward is dont access to game and my money gone for what?!?!?1?do not buy anything of daybreak they stole your money.
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	76.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 1, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is awful lmao
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	75.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								No
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	8.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												♥♥♥♥ you h1z1 free ♥♥♥♥ off Iam buy ♥♥♥♥ 20E 
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	33.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								Having played a lot of Battle Royal in H1Z1 (before they split the game), I can say this game mode is pretty fun. But, it is just ONE game mode. So, ask yourself if it is worth buying a 20€ game for just ONE gamemode, a gamemode previously part of another game!?-----Daybreak claims that they will be adding more gamemodes, but that's yet to be seen. We don't know what gamemodes or how many will be added. Reading the early acces page they claim to add additional gamemodes and game rules. Judging the history of this game/development, I would not be supprised if they only add slight variations of the ONE gamemode Battle Royal.Before the split, there already where 3 variants of this game mode, you had one without zombies, one with zombies and one with special rewards for winning! This last mode was behind a cash wall and you need to buy tickets for real hard cash to join this mode.Technicly they could say they have 3 gamemodes. Then you have the same game with team of 2, or team of 5 players. So there you have it, 5 gamemodes! :PWe have to wait and see what the new gamemodes are, if any are added!Ask yourself, knowing this, is ONE gamemode still worth 20€?-----Let's inform you some more, because this game has a rocky history with many claims that never became reality!They ones claimed to NEVER add pay2win mechanics to this game, then airdrops where added to survival mode that gave you food, water, weapons and ammo! Airdrops are behind a paywall from real hard cash! Though they changed the way this works but still ...They claimed this game would become free2play ones released. Guess what, it's 20€ with additional supply crates and cosmatic microtransactions! Even payed gamemodes like the Battle Royal variant (Green Dawn) and airdrops for ingame loot.Again, ask yourself, is this game worth 20€, with possible new gamemodes behind cash wall, with micro transactions and many broken promises?Then the worst part, the recent split of H1Z1 into two games. This game, King of the Kill, was part of the original H1Z1. You had survival servers and Battle Royal servers! Now you have the survival game, 20€ and the battle royal game for another 20€! And what would happen if say a new gamemode is added to King of the Kill, which becomes very popular, will they split agian? Who knows!?This split would not be the worst of things, if they cut the price in half. Would be fair since they cut the game in half but nope, now you pay 2x20€ for something that ones was 1x20€, for something that ones was promised to be free2play!Also, remember you now need to pay double for microtransactions. Getting a new piece of clothing from a microtransaction was universal availible for all servers and gamemodes. Now, if you want that same piece of clothing be prepared to buy the same item twice!!!Knowing all of this, ask yourself is ONE gamemode worth 20€?-----With this out of the way you might want to know if this ONE gamemode is fun and yes, I said I have lots of fun with this gamemode. So let's get into that!You spawn with around 150 other players on a large open map. Everyone drops down from the sky with a parasute. It's now time to land as fast as you can, so you can be the first to loot weapons, ammo, backpacks and more. So you can be the first to blast others in the face.After a few minutes a savezone is drawn on your map, because toxic fog will be released and slowly drive you towards the savezone. This mechanic is fun and usefull to drive the remaining players towards the same spot.Though there is only ONE map it's big enough to be fun for a long time. Mainly because a lot of things are random. Not the map itself but your spawn location is random, weapon spawns are random and the savezones are random. One match ends in an urban location and another on top of the mountains.All seems good, but there is also a lot wrong with the game and it's mechanics!Spawning for example! You don't spawn at the same time as your enemies. It depends on your loading time, internet connection and random bad luck (sometimes the game takes 2 or 3 times longer to load). This means people with faster hardware and internet connection land faster, getting guns fasters and thus have an increased change to win!Next problem is that hitbox detection and netcode are so random. With a bit of bad luck you can shoot somebody in the head for multiple times without them dieing. While other times you one hit kill them.Same with the shotgun, it's spread pattern is random. So you can almost get sniped from long distance with a shotgun while other times you can't hit/kill somebody at close range! And it's all luck, or badluck depending how it ends!On top of that there aren't many weapons and in the end it comes down to AR15 for long range, shotgun for close range. Perhaps the AK47 (though it got nerved) or if you are lucky the hunting rifle (sniper that only drops from airdrops). All the other weapons are just useless compared to the above, so bows, crossbows and pistols are ignored! You only use them if they are the first weapon you can find early game.-----Eventhough this gamemode is a lot of fun, even with all it's flaws, I can't recommend it to anyone! Specially knowing that this ONE gamemode was part of another game!Perhaps if they fix the core issues (spawning, hitbox detection, etc) and add more gamemodes AND lower the price to 10€ or less, then and only then it might become worth it!For now, it's a big NO NO. Not recommended!
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	1,043.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												 its♥♥♥♥♥now turn back now if u can
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	6.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												Shut up and give my money back!!! 
Posted: March 16	1	2	None	46	1.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								Of the hour ive played in the game, i wasnt able to do anything, crashes almost every time i boot up, matches barely load, and every time i do get in i parachute down, live about 30 seconds, and just get creamed across the map. Don't even THINK about playing if you dont get above 40fps
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	50.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												mass refund or we riot
Posted: March 16	0	2	None	46	64.4	Recommended	
Posted: November 26, 2016
Early Access Review
								cool game to play with friend bad game if you dont know how to play :)
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	1.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2017
Early Access Review
								It's like PUGB but you get shoved immediately into a city with no real choice of placement on the map which results in a quick and unsatisfying death due to the high amount of players put into one place
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	231.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 29, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best game ever but toooo many bugs and gliches..... Recomendet to buy
Posted: July 8, 2017	1	2	None	727	101.6	Recommended	
Posted: March 2
												not a bad game, really fun and entertaining
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	192.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								I dont play it anymore so I dont know if it got better but stil I would not recommend it 6/10;
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	9.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								The game has been forever in early access there\'s a lot of people using hacks and cheating. I never expected a game to stay stuck in its first stage so long and I\'m growing tired of it. It\'s full of bugs, there seems to be no effort to correct them also the development seems to be stuck and it\'s totally not worth the money spent.
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	16.1	Recommended	
Posted: July 8, 2016
Early Access Review
								Would be nice if my friends played this game...
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	398.6	Recommended	
Posted: July 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								I would not say that H1Z1: King of the Kill is easily picked up and played. It possesses a steep learning curve and caters greatly to experienced players. With a confusing menu and pregame lobby, many new players would be overwhelmed with not knowing what to do. With no real instruction or direction on how to play the game, newbies end up landing their parachute in a field and running for 5-10 minutes before finding a house that has already been looted of all weapons and supplies. The game also does not instruct the player on how to do basic essentials – like opening up inventory, how to craft, how to view the map, where the compass is, how to heal, where to find gear and weapons, etc. All of these variables add up to a learning curve that chews up and spits out bloodied and mangled new players. However, once all of these things are learned, 8 hours later, the competition is incredibly fun and rewarding to play. No round is the same, and with a huge map to roam, strategies change often.
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	117.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								So many bugs
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	2.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Crashes, doesn't launch sometimes, way too many micro transactions, loading times are bad for the amount of time actually spent playing, ranks are pointless, doesn't put you against players of the same skill and not rewarding at all.
Posted: July 8, 2017	0	2	None	727	439.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								love it and hate it :3
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	1.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 1, 2016
Early Access Review
								Best Survival not thebest business model. i hate Wisenhunt!
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	65.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								SO if you like to listen to musicv this is the game for your friends and famile.. you wanna love people you should probably listen to some mind aganizing screechs of our most bountiful players in our pre game lobby.. enjoy your slice.
Posted: June 1, 2016	1	2	None	135	75.4	Recommended	
Posted: January 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								there are lots of bugs
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	181.7	Recommended	
Posted: May 18, 2016
Early Access Review
								Koo
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	118.2	Recommended	
Posted: August 12, 2016
Early Access Review
								good
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Error simulator sure is fun!
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	43.6	Recommended	
Posted: April 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Great Game! If Only my best friend would get the bloody game! D: Please god!
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	679.4	Recommended	
Posted: May 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very fun game, even do much things have to be changed this game is still my favorite. Just the fact that you want to survive every day is a fun point, anywho i recommend this game for people that want a challenge every game.
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	74.0	Recommended	
Posted: August 4, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Really nice game, though it has a lot of bugs in it.
Posted: June 1, 2016	0	2	None	135	125.4	Recommended	
Posted: August 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								nice game
Posted: March 24	6	2	None	8	135.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 24
												....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............( ..............\.............\
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												I feel so bad for those who buyed this  game... now its free and laggy as hell..
Posted: March 24	1	2	None	8	86.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7
Early Access Review
								Game was fun, devs stopped caring and made the game evn worse, didnt even bother to make any fixes. PUBG murdered this game for a good reason lmao.
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	754.3	Recommended	
Posted: February 16
Early Access Review
								fun
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	156.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								This is game is buggy af framerate is horribe even with a good pc shooting system is♥♥♥♥♥♥br>
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	258.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								Hyvä daybreak KORJAA P.A.S.K.A.S.Ikiitos
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	68.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 29, 2017
Early Access Review
								很是对游戏无奈，外挂太多了
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	185.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 20, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is still in early access.
Posted: March 24	1	2	None	8	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2017
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Had been considering to buy for a month or so, free week rolled around, awesome! Installed, made a 3rd party account, tried to log in, error servers down, left it a couple of hours, error verifying account try later. Tried the next day, error maintainance, left it another day, error maintainance. The big red play button looks nice tho.
Posted: March 24	0	2	None	8	1,078.4	Recommended	
Posted: October 16, 2016
Product received for free
Early Access Review
								Good game wasted a lot of time on it. Best to play with friends. New update needs some work but it has potential
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	66.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								awesome new season :OOOO
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	1,427.3	Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game need better update but somethime when hitbox isn´t broken this game is good :)
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	2,074.2	Recommended	
Posted: November 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								I came 3 times
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	17.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: September 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Even a Locomotive from the 19th century has a better engine than this♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	747.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								changing this holy ♥♥♥♥ this game is crap now
Posted: July 3, 2017	1	2	None	33	55.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 28
												This game is dead, dont even try to play it.
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	12.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								When you launch the game there is a chance to get a loading screen that lasts forever, that chance is around 7/10. if you enjoy constantly re launching a game just to play then go ahead, this isn't one of those bugs that happen every now and then its a bug that happens constantly like it was an intended feature.
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	1,529.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 8
Early Access Review
								Nothing but garbage
Posted: July 3, 2017	1	2	None	33	2.2	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								good game to pass some time
Posted: July 3, 2017	0	2	None	33	177.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								Lots of bugs and problems
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	842.3	Recommended	
Posted: March 21, 2017
Early Access Review
								Game is perfect.
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	76.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								got banned because of a hacker, was a fun game until i got hacked. daybreak security is pretty bad
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	571.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 22, 2016
Early Access Review
								"PICKED A BATTLETHAT YOU'LL ALWAYS LOSENO VIEWSH1Z1 IS HISTORYOLD NEWS"
Posted: March 21, 2017	2	2	None	45	3.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								I'll rather to buy winrar :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------)
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	85.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 3, 2017
												Stupid Dev's Noobs, after a lot of fails they make it For Free, Loser Dev's omg Not recommended 100%-Rep Steam Must Delete That Kind of games from store, There is no place for Noob Dev's
Posted: March 21, 2017	1	2	None	45	136.0	Recommended	
Posted: September 28, 2016
Early Access Review
								OK, so heres the deal, if you have friends that play this game, discord/teamspeak, and a good pc that can get you 60 fps on games like DayZ, Fallout, Rainbow Six Seige, or a resonably graphics requiring game, (Not CSGO) this game can be hella fun, but if not, you may want to consider not getting this, and playing ♥♥♥♥ing MineCraft Survival Games instead.
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	7.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 8
												Its just trash
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	4.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	38.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 3, 2017
Early Access Review
								Would not reccoment this game at all, this game is so broken and has been in EA since it released.......
Posted: March 21, 2017	0	2	None	45	21.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 10, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	6.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 17, 2016
Early Access Review
								Those survival game lovers should give this game a try. This game is much more fun to play with friends as a team.
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	1,566.4	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 31, 2017
Early Access Review
								DONT BUY  
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	462.7	Recommended	
Posted: July 2, 2017
Early Access Review
								Very♥♥♥♥♥♥game :D
Posted: December 17, 2016	1	2	None	13	22.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: April 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								Little weapons, same boring maps, no improvements, etc... .\..\ ...\....\.....\......\.......\........\.........V
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	100.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 23, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game would be so much better if Daybreak would actually debug the game
Posted: December 17, 2016	1	2	None	13	657.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 18, 2017
Early Access Review
								this game is the worst best game that you are going to play if you enjoy geting killed by nothing and dissconecting over nothing and getting stuck in ur car for no reason buy it and play this game :D
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	1,984.0	Recommended	
Posted: December 16, 2016
Early Access Review
								such a nice game i liked it alot since i bought it ! very good!
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	28.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: August 13, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is a totally ♥♥♥♥ing crap, because:1. Land much later then everybody.2. When landed, get killed without loot by a guy who landed much earlier than you.3. Repeat 5 times.4. Get a refund.
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	68.5	Recommended	
Posted: March 6, 2017
Early Access Review
								So this game has a lot mixed of views, but I genuinly like the game. Now a lot of reviews are from people who got angry, that they kept dying, or they got the game during when it was "Battle Royale," when it deffintly was a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. If you're looking through the reviews, they deffintly won't be helpful. Play the game, then form your own opinion. If you don't like it, fine you can refund your money and go buy a CSGO skin.  ;)
Posted: December 17, 2016	0	2	None	13	75.0	Recommended	
Posted: October 24, 2017
Early Access Review
								I like, most people dont, but I like
Posted: February 27, 2017	1	2	None	30	212.3	Recommended	
Posted: February 27, 2017
Early Access Review
								China number #1
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	8.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
												Trash game, poor people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet, many bugs, fps drops with gtx 1080... fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥before getting it out of early access...
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	1,440.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: July 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Do you want to get cancer ? BUY IT! It's like cigarette you are addicted but killing you... The game with full of bugs... Full of players whom using macro... Full of people who have higher system than yours...
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	0.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 9
												Don't bother.
Posted: February 27, 2017	3	2	None	30	0.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								Traded 2 fidget spinners for this game, not worth it
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	3.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: March 16
												I will sincerely say it, ♥♥♥♥ this game. It is one of the worst games i have played. How can you play such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game with such♥♥♥♥♥♥recoil ? 4 example, i was behind a player. I Shot him very good, the crosshair was on his head, but he didn't died. He turned back and insta head shoted me. How ? Explain me.For such game.. it has been in developing 5 YEARS. I bought this game, it was on SALE, steam SALE. I bought it. 1-2 weeks after i bought it it got free on steam. And why ? I personally think they made it free just to make more players play it, because PUBG is already a succes and they should come with many many updates in H1, PUBG needs also some1 to conquer against. Unless the game is fixed, i don't recommend playing it. Sorry.
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	783.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 22, 2017
Early Access Review
								They Broke my Game
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	70.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 11
												Oh boy, where do I start...H1Z1 was a great game, in the beginning there was a couple things wrong with the battle royale version, but it got itself to a state where everything was good. H1 was a booming game, and everyone played it.But then daybreak had a mental breakdown, and started spazzing on the floor.The game recieved many updates, and everyone of them put a nail in the game's coffin.Daybreak realised they earned more money with cosmetic updates, and stopped fixing the many errors in the game.By the time everyone tried to let daybreak come to a realisation that the game was becoming♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was too late.Everyonr left H1Z1 for other battle royale games, daybreak decided to screw some more with the remaining players that stayed loyal to the game. They made updates that players didn't ask for, and made updates like 'fixing' the hitmarkers, but only making the system worse.I think this game was a valuable lesson for developers;"Skins get you money, but listening to the community gets you active players."
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	115.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: May 29
												I used to play this when just survive and kokt (h1z1) were combined and just "H1Z1" This game was great in season 3. But the devs ruined the game.
Posted: February 27, 2017	0	2	None	30	0.6	Not Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								It is Real Crap, and its funny that it wont let me connect to EU with 220 ping but auto connects me to asia with 400 ping!
Posted: October 17, 2017	0	2	None	31	2,412.3	Recommended	
Posted: October 17, 2017
Early Access Review
								I honestly love this game.  The only reasons people complain about it is because they are either terrible or have played it so much that they are just super competitive and forget how to have fun.  It's an exciting, fast paced, heart pumping game that rewards good accuracy and quick decision making.  H1Z1 is a whole different style of battle royale than PUBG and in my opinion a hell of a lot more fun. The developers are constantly interacting with the community looking for feedback and ways to tweak the game to deliver the best possible game play. One of my favorite games all-time.
Posted: October 17, 2017	0	2	None	31	29.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 9
Early Access Review
								Mechanics are dull and uninteresting.  When thrown into a game you have no choice of where to land, your drop location is chosen for you at random which has gotten me killed on more than one occasion.  The game keeps pressuring you into spending money on it's loot crates and skins which aren't even good looking.  Overall just a bad game.  If you want to play a good Battle Royale go buy PUBG or play fortnight.  Both are better than this game will ever be.
Posted: October 17, 2017	1	2	None	31	0.2	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 12, 2016
Early Access Review
 Why not to buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. -Get account suspended (TWICE NOW) for no reason, never cheated or anything, proof as in streamed the game 24/7 when playing.-More bugs than a homeless shelter-Microtransaction focused-No new guns or vehicles have been added since it was first put on steam. -The devs don't care about the community.
Posted: October 17, 2017	967295	24	None	31	236.0	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 25, 2016
Early Access Review
								Everything is♥♥♥♥♥♥ fix the game you Russians
Posted: October 17, 2017	0	2	None	31	41.8	Recommended	
Posted: December 23, 2016
Early Access Review
								Don't feel like reading and maybe want a laugh? Then check out the video here. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gm4yXVvxVeYPROS:+ Visuals are pretty solid+ Audio is amazing+ Great to play with friends+ Murdering people for pantsCONS:- Bugs and glitches- The horrible freemium grind- Server issues- "Stealth Shoes" they are just f**king crocsH1Z1 King of the Kill this game is not perfect by any stretch of the word. There is just something about it that I really enjoy when playing it especially when I play it with my friends. I don't really know how to put it other than it's just fun to play. However, I would be foolish if I didn't say that this game has issues and trust me it does. There are the obvious bugs and glitches that come with every early access game, but I can only hope that in time the devs will patch them out. So with that being said I think this game is a great time and all it needs is some love and care from the devs to bring it to its full potential.
Posted: October 17, 2017	0	2	None	31	689.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 12
Early Access Review
								game is dying because they decided to update it like 5 fucing times in a ♥♥♥♥ing month it was so popular in july and august but then they decided  to kill the game
Posted: October 17, 2017	0	2	None	31	330.7	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 7
Early Access Review
								wORST GAME EVER THANK GOD THIS GAME IS DYING.
Posted: October 17, 2017	1	2	None	31	53.5	Not Recommended	
Posted: November 6, 2016
Early Access Review
								Welcome to h1z1 you have been disconnected
Posted: October 17, 2017	1	2	None	31	11.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 15, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game has the some elements that are better than Pubg.like for example the guns are better their is more qaulity vehicles the loading area is way better since you can drive,the customization is amazing but it all does'nt matter until we get into gameplay thats where this game gets bad.like when you spawn youre automatically put on to your paracutte I should have the option to jump out where ever I want like Pubg's plane system,grabbing stuff seems to be a struggle because you have to crouch and it has to be highlighted even tho you are standing over it,the toxic area is the worst because you cant see where it ends,the map system is only bad because you cant walk or run while looking at it this game is'nt a first or second pick i'd choose Fortnite over this.
Posted: October 17, 2017	0	2	None	31	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 10, 2016
Early Access Review
								It has been early alpha since almost 2 years and it seems to be still bugged as hell.- End a game, sometimes the game crashes or you cannot click anything and all buttons are just placeholders like [BUTTON_TO_PLAY_EXAMPLE] (2 out of 3 of my games)- Game crashes mid-game while shooting (1 out of 3 of my games)- Get a 1 shot by a pistol with a tactical helmet and an armored vest on- You queue together with a friend as 2-Man party and end up in different matches (it seems like you just sign up together in a solo queue) (1 out of 2 of my duo games)The last one is a no go for me. Soooo I got it refunded. Bye bye H1, was nice knowing you. Actually not. :(
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	94.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: February 19, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
Posted: February 19, 2017	1	2	None	124	88.8	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 7, 2017
Early Access Review
								bad game many bug and bad
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	5.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 14, 2017
Early Access Review
								♥♥♥♥♥game lmao,don't play it, pay2fashionDon't BUY it! Seriously.
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	24.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 16, 2017
Early Access Review
								Terribly optimized, also spend more time in loading screens than in game.
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	0.9	Not Recommended	
Posted: December 30, 2016
Early Access Review
								Can't even log into the main menu without deleting my character every time.Joke of a game
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	299.3	Not Recommended	
Posted: January 5, 2017
Early Access Review
								This game is riddled with bugs and daybreak care more about lining their pockets than fixing game breaking bugs. Don't waste your time.
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	362.1	Not Recommended	
Posted: June 4, 2017
Early Access Review
								No review here, just a promise. If i ever see a daybreak employee, i'm literally going to pull out my pocket knife and stab them x256 times, then spit on the grond they lay.
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	33.8	Recommended	
Posted: November 27, 2016
Early Access Review
								This game... This game is one of the best, buggiest and fun i've played in a long time. This game is full of people that are absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and psychoistic, though that is the thing that makes the game a hell of a lot of fun. I mean, The community is one of the things that makes this game one hell of a ride to play. 
Posted: February 19, 2017	1	2	None	124	16.7	Recommended	
Posted: April 1
												pubg for potato pcs
Posted: February 19, 2017	0	2	None	124	67.1	Recommended	
Posted: February 12
Early Access Review
								it's a fun game, but I can't get past the hackers. they are ruining yet another game.
